For PAX door, what happens when the arming lever is set to the ARMED position? (Level 1)
@@The girt bar stays attached to the cabin floor.
The girt bar slides towards the telescopic fork.
The telescopic fork slides towards the girt bar fitting.

The loads resulting from the cabin pressure are transmitted to the door frame by the: (Level 1)
Support arm.
Door seal.
@@Adjustable stop fittings.

In "ARMED" mode, if you open a passenger door from outside of the cabin: (Level 1)
The door opens automatically and the escape slide/raft DISARMED.
@@The door is opened manually and the escape slide/raft does not deploy.
The door opens automatically and deploys the escape slide/raft.

On A320 A/C, opening of the emergency exit: (Level 1)
only from inside automatically releases the emergency escape slide.
@@from inside or outside automatically releases the emergency escape slide.
from outside automatically DISARMED the emergency escape slide.

The red CABIN PRESSURE light flashes when: (Level 1)
There is residual pressure in the cabin with slide disarmed and engines are running.
There is residual pressure in the cabin with slide armed and both engines are off.
@@There is residual pressure in the cabin with slide disarmed and at lease one engine is off.

What does the green light fitted near the cargo manual selector valve indicate? (Level 1)
The yellow hydraulic pressure is available to operate the door.
@@The door is fully open and locked.
The door is correctly unlatched and unlocked.

In normal mode, in case of no response from the pilots, at a request to entry in the cockpit by the cabin attendant crew: (Level 1)
@@The cockpit door remains closed.
The cockpit door opens automatically after a defined time.
The cockpit door can be open by the cabin attendant crew.

For PAX door, what is the purpose of the Damping and Emergency Operation Cylinder? (Level 1)
To damp door opening and closing.
To assist in opening and closing the door.
@@To damp door opening/closing and to pressurize the cylinder in case of an emergency opening.

When the arming lever is set to ARMED, (Level 1)
the girt bar remains part of the door when it is opened and remains in the telescopic forks.
@@the girt bar slides towards the girt bar fitting, and the emergency operation cylinder percussion lever is moved to the door emergency configuration.
the girt bar remains in the telescopic forks, and the emergency operation cylinder percussion lever is moved to the door emergency configuration.

In case of emergency opening, the Passenger door: (Level 1)
@@Opens and locks automatically.
Opens automatically.
Unlocks and opens automatically.

To disarm the A320 emergency exit door: (Level 1)
Turn the latch pin clockwise.
Pull down the control handle and pull the exit top inwards
@@Turn the latch pin counter-clockwise.

The white light comes on steady in the door indicates that: (Level 1)
the escape slide in ARMED mode and door locked.
@@the escape slide is in the ARMED mode and door not locked.
the escape slide is in the DISARMED mode and door not locked.

The hydraulic system of the cargo doors  (Level 1)
@@can not operate when the cargo doors are locked.
includes the duplex actuators, two manual selector valves (one for each cargo door), and two electro selector valves.
can not allow opening the FWD and the aft cargo doors at the same time.

When the cargo door locking shaft is in the locked and the hooks are in the latched position. (Level 1)
@@Green marks are visible through the locking indicators.
Red marks are visible through the locking indicators.
Yellow marks are visible through the locking indicators.

When the emergency mode is activated from the keypad with the cockpit door toggle switch in norm neutral position: (Level 3)
All the latches remain locked and the access is not possible from the cabin.
All the latches are unlocked and the access is possible from the cabin.
@@All the latches will unlock automatically after a preset time delay.

On the ECAM Door/Oxy page, the slide indication appears _____ when the slide is not disarmed. (Level 1)
@@White.
Amber.
Green.

What happens to the cockpit door in the case of the electrical power failure? (Level 1)
It operates normally on HOT BAT bus.
@@It automatically unlocks.
It automatically locks from outside but stays unlock from inside.

What does illumination of the white slide armed light represent on the PAX door? (Level 1)
This indicates that the slide has properly inflated and is safe for use.
@@This indicates that the slide is armed and the slide will inflate if the door is opened from inside the aircraft.
This indicates that the PAX cabin door has not been properly closed but the slide is properly armed.

What does illumination of the red cabin pressure light represent on the main cabin door? (Level 1)
This indicates that the evacuation slide is armed.
@@This indicates that the aircraft cabin is still pressurized and the cabin door should not be opened.
This indicates that the relevant EPSU supplies the door electrical system.

How is it determined that the cockpit sliding window is closed and locked? (Level 3)
The red ring below the release button should not be in view.
The locking pin was placed in the forward position when the window was closed.
@@The red ring below the release button should be in view.

Regarding the cargo doors, the yellow hydraulic pump pressurizes when: (Level 1)
The locking handle in unlocked position
The selector in open or close position
@@Both answer are correct

The primary purpose of the holes on the door seal is: (Level 3)
To drain water
To decrease noise
@@To inflate the seal during flight

The cargo door is locked in the fully open position by means of: (Level 3)
Yellow hydraulic pressure
@@Mechanical internal lock inside the door actuator
Moving locking handle to lock position

The cargo door indicating on ECAM becomes amber as soon as (Level 1)
@@The locking handle moving out of its recess
The locking handle moving in unlock position
The door moving to open

When the locking handle moves to unlock position, the cargo door falls into the vertical position because of: (Level 1)
Its gravity
An internal hydraulic leakage
@@Both answer are correct

Which components indicate DOOR symbol on DOOR ECAM page. (Level 2)
@@The locking hook proximity switch and the locking shaft proximity switch
The escape slide proximity switch and the locking shaft proximity switch
The locking hook proximity switch and the escape slide proximity switch

Which components indicate SLIDE symbol on DOOR ECAM page. (Level 2)
The locking hook proximity switch and the locking shaft proximity switch
@@The escape slide proximity switch and the locking shaft proximity switch
The locking hook proximity switch and the escape slide proximity switch

What happens when you open the door from outside in ARMED mode? (Level 2)
@@The system is automatically disarmed
Can not open the door because the escape slide will deploy
The cabin pressure light comes on

The residual cabin pressure red light comes on: (Level 2)
When all the engines are not running and the parking brake is applied and the cabin residual pressure exceeds 25 mbars
@@When engines are not running, the slide in DISARMED position and the cabin residual pressure exceeds 25 mbars
When engines are not running, the slide in ARMED position and the cabin residual pressure exceeds 25 mbars

The cockpit door control unit opens the locks when: (Level 2)
Pressure sensors sense decompression in the cockpit
Cabin crew enters emergency code into the keypad
@@All of above

A passenger door escape slide indication on the ECAM DOOR page and on the door itself via the SDAC are given by: (Level 2)
@@The locking shaft and the slide proximity switches
The locking hook and the locking shaft proximity switches
The slide proximity and the locking hook proximity switch

With the cargo door sill YZ-latches in the lower position? (Level 3)
Yellow Electric pump P/B must be selected ON when you want to close the cargo door
@@The cargo door can’t be close using hydraulic power
The Cargo Loading system is inoperative

WHAT DOES THE GREEN LIGHT FITTED NEAR THE MANUAL SELECTOR VALVE OF THE CARGO DOOR INDICATE? (Level 2)
The yellow hydraulic pressure is available to operate the door.
@@The door is fully opened and locked.
The door is correctly unlatched and unlocked

How is latch pin of the A320 aircraft emergency exit door released for maintenance operation? (Level 2)
By operating the outer control handle
@@By retracting the latch pin
By setting the disarming control handle to DISARMED

The pressurization of the cargo door hydraulic system does not occur when: (Level 2)
@@The locking mechanism is in the locked condition.
The door not in fully close or/and open position.
The door not in fully open position.

When opened in an emergency, the passenger entry doors: (Level 2)
@@Pneumatically assisted into the open position
Are assisted to the open position by slide inflation
Are electrically assisted into the open position.

What happens to the cockpit door with electrical power failure? (Level 2)
It operates normally on HOT BAT bus.
@@It automatically unlocks.
It automatically locks from outside but stays unlock from inside.

Passenger door in closed- locked and armed position and it opens from outside(Level 2)
@@Slide control lever moves to disarm position automatically
Slide inflates automatically
It impossible without power

What indicates the red flashing light on a passenger door: (Level 2)
The door is “ARMED”
The door is DISARMED but both engines are still running
@@The door is DIDARMED, both engines shut down and the cabin pressure is greater than set value.

If door handle is lifted and the white indicator illuminates, what does this mean? (Level 2)
@@The escape slide is armed and if you go on lifting the handle, door opens and slide will deploy.
Pneumatic assistance of the door has failed
The escape slide is in disarmed configuration

A320 overwing exit in closed-locked and armed position, it opened from outside(Level 2)
@@Slide inflates automatically
Slide deactivates automatically
It impossible

The cargo door is normally operated by: (Level 2)
@@The yellow hydraulic system
The green hydraulic system
The blue hydraulic system

A321-Which components keep the emergency exit door in parallel with the fuselage during open/ close sequence? (Level 2)
Hinge arm mechanism
@@Two guide arms
Handle gearbox

The passenger door is opened and locked; the inner handle is in (Level 2)
@@The upper position always
The lower position always
Neither the upper position nor the lower position

How to disarm the overwing emergency exit? (Level 2)
Use arm/ disarm lever.
Use emergency control handle.
@@Remove the cover flap then turn the retractable pin a quarter turn anticlockwise

Slide armed indicator of overwing emergency exit illuminates to show that the escape slide release mechanism is in the armed configuration and: (Level 3)
@@The cover flap is not in proper position
The control handle is unlocked
The overwing slide is inflated

The purpose of the drift pins of the cargo door (Level 2)
To lock the cargo door in closed position
To latch the cargo door in closed position
@@To decrease the contour offset between the door and the fuselage to fulfill aerodynamic requirements

When the locking shaft of the cargo door is in unlocked position (Level 3)
@@The drift pins retract from the pockets of the fuselage frame
The vent door moves to closed position
The yellow hydraulic pump pressurizes

THE WARNING RED LIGHT OF PASSENGER DOOR IS FLASHING, ITS POWER SUPPLIED BY: (Level 3)
APU generator
external power
@@Battery hot bus

WHAT DOES THE GREEN LIGHT FITTED NEAR THE MANUAL SELECTOR VALVE OF THE CARGO DOOR INDICATE? (Level 3)
The yellow hydraulic pressure is available to operate the door.
@@Both door actuators are fully opened and locked, it’s both proximity switches are serviceable
Both door actuators are fully opened and locked, only one proximity switch is serviceable

What indicates the green light in the cargo door access?  (level 3)
The cargo door is closed and locked
The cargo door is not closed
@@The cargo door is open and locked

What happen when the passenger door is opened from the outside and the slide system is armed?  (level 3)
The locking mechanism is blocked
The escape slide will deploy
@@The slide system is disarmed

What happens when the arming lever of the PAX door is set to the ARMED position? (level 3)
@@The girt bar stay attached to the cabin floor.
The girt bar slide towards the telescopic fork.
The telescopic fork slide towards the girt bar fitting

Passenger door in closed- locked and armed position, to open it from inside safely (level 3)
Check red difference pressure indicator not flushing
Put slid control lever to disarm position, check outside clear
@@All above

A321 airplane emergency exit movement during opening sequence(level 2)
Outward and forward
Outward and upward
@@Outward, forward and in parallel to fuselage

What is the purpose of the damper and emergency operation cylinder? (level 3)
To damp the door opening and closing
To assist in opening and closing the door to do it
@@To damp door movement during opening and closing sequences and the damper and emergency operation cylinder forms an emergency actuator that assists and improves the opening speed of the door

The center sections of aircrafts A319 A320 A321 are: (level 2)
@@the same in length
the same
The center section of aircraft A321 is longer than of A320

2. The structure is of pax door is conventional design, composed of: (level 2)
@@an outer skin, frame segments and beams
an outer skin, frame segments and stringers
inner skin, frame segments and beams

The loads resulting from cabin pressure on pax door are transferred by: (level 3)
@@stop fittings (qty7) located on each side of the door and the frame.
stop fittings (qty7) located on top and bottom of the door and the frame
hinge connecting the door and the frame

The loads resulting from cabin pressure on bulk cargo door are transferred by: (level 3)
@@stop fittings (qty5) located on each side of the door and the frame.
stop fittings (qty5) located on top and bottom of the door and the frame
hinges connecting the door and the frame

The APU access doors are made from: (level 2)
Aluminum alloy
@@Titanium alloy
Stainless steel

The A319/A320 overwing exit is pressure tight by its seal; (level 3)
the seal installed on exit frame
@@the seal installed on exit and the seal lip is always in contact with exit frame
the seal installed on exit and pressurized by cabin air during flight

Red flashing light on the cabin door if:(Level 3)
The girt bar has failed to engage into the floor fittings
The slide system is armed avoid the interior locking handle is partly lifted
@@Both engine shut down, door disarmed, the cabin pressure is greater than 2,5 mb

IF emergency exit door of A320 aircraft is opened from the outside and the slide system is armed? (Level 3)
The locking mechanism is blocked
@@The escape slide will deploy.
The slide system is disarmed

Cargo doors hydraulic system is pressurized by:(Level 3)
Green electric pump
Blue electric pump
@@Yellow electric pump

A320 Emergency exit hatch:(Level 3)
Can be opened from outside or/and inside and the door fall outside of aircraft
@@Can be opened from outside or/and inside and the door fall into the cabin.
Can be opened from inside and the door fall into the cabin

BULK Cargo is opened:(Level 3)
Outward and upward.
@@Inward and upward.
Inward and downward.

