Who is responsible to provide maintenance data, used for implementing maintenance on customer’s aircraft, to VAECO: (AUD; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT; INV; MP; EE; CMP; CE; PP)
@@Customer.
VAECO itself.
Manufacture.

The workpack and Job cards will be prepared: (A; B; C; ACR; INV; MP; EE; CMP; CE; PP)
by Customer (except VNA) and provided for VAECO.
by MCC (for maintenance workpacks on VNA’s aircrafts)
@@by MCC (as specified in contracts between VAECO and customers) or by Customers (who does not contract with VAECO for this requirements) and provided them to VAECO.

Who is responsible for providing material and spare part for aircraft maintenance? (AUD; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT; INV; MP; CMP; CE; PP; EE; MAP)
Customer.
VAECO if specified in maintenance contract between VAECO and customer.
@@Customer or VAECO only if specified in maintenance contract between VAECO and customer.

Material and spare part provided by customer: (AUD; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT; INV; MP; CMP; CE; PP; EE)
Can be used without being incoming inspection by VAECO store inspector if they are attached with Certificates of Compliance.
@@Must pass the incoming inspection by VAECO store inspector prior to use for maintenance on customer A/C.
Can be used if they are tagged with customer’s serviceable tag.

Before carrying out maintenance, which type inspection should be performed? (AUD; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT; INV; CMP; PP; EE; MP)
Hidden damage inspection
@@Preliminary inspection
In-progress inspection

Preliminary inspection is (AUD; A; B; C; QM; SI; WS; NDT; INV; PP; CMP; MP; EE)
@@Inspection performed prior to maintenance to determine the status and condition of aircrafts/ components.
Inspection performed prior of maintenance on aircraft/ component involved in an occurrence or accident.
Inspection performed during maintenance determine all steps of work are performed correctly.

Which subject should be preliminary inspected (A; B; C; QM; SI; WS; NDT; INV; PP; CMP; MP; EE)
The A/C only.
@@The A/C and A/C documents.
A/C document only.

How defects found in preliminary inspection are handled in Base maintenance? (A; B; C; ACR; INV; PP; CMP; MP; EE)
The defects shall be recorded in Additional tack list – VAECO Form 6020.
@@The defects shall be documented on Preliminary Inspection Finding List (VAECO Form 6002) by the authorized inspection staff; then transferred to NRC for performance according to customer to customer acceptance.
The defects shall be recorded in the Last minute item – VAECO Form 1006.

Non Routine Card Continuation  form (VAECO Form 6017) is used for (A; B; C; WS; ACR; INV; PP; CMP; MP; EE)
Recording a discrepancy found during maintenance.
Controlling NRCs.
@@Recording the detailed works or a series of work processes or sub-tasks that are required to be carried out to perform a complex task or rectify  a defect raised in the NRC

Towing of A/C into/ out of VAECO hangar or nearby hangar area: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; ACR; PP; MP)
@@Must only be carried out by VAECO staffs.
Can be carried out by contracted company under supervise of VAECO staffs.
Can be carried out by any company provided that the headset man and cockpit man are VAECO staffs.

Hidden damage inspection shall be conducted (AUD; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT; INV; EE)
@@When the aircraft, engine or component is instructed by customer have been involved an incident/ accident.
If the authorized inspection staff suspect an article may have been involved in an incident/accident.
Anytime the aircraft undergoes base maintenance.

Required Inspection Item (RII) tasks defined by (AUD; B; C; ACR; INV; CMP; MP; PP; EE; MP)
@@Customer.
VAECO SQD.
VAECO Engineering Department (EGD).


Accomplishment of inspection function of Required Inspection Item (RII) shall be performed (AUD; B; C; ACR; INV; PP; MP; EE)
By authorized inspection staff who performed the maintenance works required to be inspected.
@@By authorized inspection staff who was not involved in the maintenance phase of the works required to be inspected.
By a QC staff authorized by customer.

Who will give a final decision when a conflict occurs between Inspection staff and maintenance staff during course of inspection? (AUD; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT; INV; PP; MP)
QC manager.
@@SQD director.
Customer.

Determining of “CRITICAL TASK” is responsible of (A; B; C; ACR; INV; CMP; MP; PP; EE)
@@Technical Division of Maintenance centers during review of workpack.
Engineering Department (EGD).
MCC.

During one hangar check, a CRITICAL TASK type 1 can be performed (AUD; A; B; C; ACR; INV; PP; MP; EE)
By one appropriate authorized staff provide that the task is not performed in the same day.
@@By one appropriate authorized staff, who then issue a NRC to re-inspect the work performed.
Only by more than one staff.

When CRS staff use measuring and testing equipment, which data must be recorded to maintenance record: (AUD; A; B; C; QM; SI; WS; NDT; INV; PP; EE; MP)
P/N, S/N and GRN of tool and equipment.
@@Reference maintenance data; measuring value; P/N and S/N of tool and equipment
P/N, S/N and calibration due date of tool and equipment.

When structure damage is not mentioned in SRM (B; C; ACR; STR; WD; EE; PP; INV; MP)
Base maintenance center shall contact to manufacture for approved repair solution.
@@Base maintenance center shall contact to EGD for repair scheme.
Base maintenance center shall contact to VNA Technical department shall provide repair scheme.

When structure damage is mentioned in SRM, the SRO shall be issued by (INV; B; C; ACR; STR; WD; EE; PP; MP; INV)
@@Base maintenance center.
Engineering Department (EGD).
Business Planning department.

For VNA A/C, after complete a structure damage repair, respective maintenance center has to: (INV; B; C; ACR; STR; WD; PP; MP; EE)
@@Uploads the records of structure damaged repair (SRO, SRR, detail drawings/ sketch of the repair or EO..) to Structure Monitoring Software.
Send SRO, SRR ,detail drawings/ sketch of the repair or EO to Business Planning department.
Send SRO, SRR ,detail drawings/ sketch of the repair or EO to VNA Engineering Department.

What need to be done if a defect/technical problem can not be resolved by maintenance personnel? (INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT; PP; MP; EE)
@@The supervisor should send a TAR - Form VAECO 3015 to Technical service section for assistance request.
Maintenance staff should request to cancel this task.
Maintenance staff should refuse to carry out this task.

Can dispensation (one-off authorization) be granted for category B CRS staff to carry out a final inspection and release A/C to service after base maintenance? (AUD; INV; A; B; C; ACR)
Yes, if SQD director realized that there is no category C CRS at that time.
@@No, Dispensation only can be granted for maintenance staff at out station.
It depends on customer procedure.

The work/shift handover form (Form VAECO 6004) must be completed in base maintenance when: (INV; B; C; QM; PP; MP; EE)
An additional maintenance work is requested by the customer.
@@A maintenance jobs cannot be completed during the shift.
A maintenance work needs to be transferred to workshop.

Discrepancies found during Base maintenance will be record in a (INV; B; C; ACR; PP; MP; EE)
VAECO Non routine card – (VAECO Form 6001).
@@Non Routine Card provided by customer or VAECO Non Routine Card (VAECO Form 6001) when not provided by customer.
Technical logbook.

For VNA A/C, which form will be used when a discrepancy found during base maintenance? (INV; B; C; ACR; PP; MP; EE)
@@Non routine card - Form VAECO 6001.
Job Card Attaching Sheet - Form VAECO 6007.
Work Transit Sheet - Form VAECO 7031.

Job Card Attaching Sheet (Form VAECO 6007) is used for (INV; B; C; WS; ACR; PP; MP)
Raising a discrepancy found during maintenance.
@@Transferring maintenance request to the appropriate workshop from BTD or RTD or CITD during aircraft maintenance.
Transferring maintenance request to the BTD from other BTD or RTD.

When a component is removed from an aircraft and transferred to a workshop with attached Job Card Attaching Sheet, what document(s) is required for acceptance the component to be installed back on the aircraft? (INV; A; B; C; WS; ACR; PP; MP; CMP; CE)
The Job Card Attaching Sheet with certifying of the workshop authorized staff for all maintenance works carried out.
Certificate of release to service - Form VAECO 2012.
@@The Job Card Attaching Sheet with certifying of the workshop authorized staff for all maintenance works carried out, the original finding/repair report and the original Authorized Release Certificate (ARC).

During Base maintenance, all component removed from an aircraft must be tagged with: (AUD; INV; B; C; ACR; PP; CMP; MP)
Serviceable tag – Form VAECO 0005.
Inspection request tag – Form VAECO 0011.
@@Identification tag – Form VAECO 0003

What will be tagged with a panel removed from an aircraft during Base maintenance? (AUD; INV; B; C; ACR; PP; CMP; MP)
Unserviceable tag – Form VAECO 0005.
Identification tag – Form VAECO 0003.
@@Panel removed tag – Form VAECO 0010.

In Base maintenance, job cards can be deferred when (AUD; INV; B; C; ACR; PP; EE)
Authorized staff classify and sign to confirm deferment possibility IAW maintenance data and record in List of acceptable deferred defects.
@@The deferment is accepted by customer and deferred IAW customer procedures.
All these answer are correct.

Can an aircraft be released from Base maintenance with defects on it? (AUD; INV; A; B; C; ACR; PP; CMP; MP; EE)
No, all defects on the aircraft must be cleared after base maintenance.
Yes, if those defects are stated on Exception item of the Certificate of release to service  (Form VAECO 2012).
@@Yes, if those defects are deferred IAW maintenance data; the deferral of defects rectification is concurred by customer and followed by customer procedures.

Can a routine task card in the workpack be cancelled during base maintenance for VNA’s aircraft? (INV; B; C; ACR; INV; PP; MP; CMP; EE)
The task card can be cancelled IAW VNA’s procedure.
Yes,only if the task is not due.
@@Yes. If the task is not due, or the task is due and a variation request is sent to VNA MOC division.

What certificate required after schedule base maintenance? (AUD; INV; A; B; C; ACR; PP; MP; EE)
Certificate of Compliance (COC).
@@Certificate of release to service (CRS).
Certificate of Maintenance Review (CMR)

Unserviceable component removed from A/C during base maintenance must be returned to VAECO store (AUD; INV; A; B; C; SI; MAP; ACR; PP; CMP; MP)
@@On the day component is removed.
Within 24 hours.
After the A/C is release to service.

Serviceable A/C component removed from A/C for returning to store must be attached with (AUD; INV; A; B; C; SI; MAP; ACR; PP; CMP; MP)
@@Re-certified certificate.
Serviceable tag.
Identification tag.

Component have not been used shall be returned to VAECO store with (INV; A; B; C; SI; MAP; ACR; PP; CMP; MP)
@@Serviceable tag and the Stock Requisition form for that component.
Re-certified certificate and the requisition form for that component.
Re-certified certificate only.

Before installing a PMA part on the A/C, the maintenance staff must (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM)
Check to ensure that the component is specified in maintenance data.
Check to ensure that there is a statement of customer for using of PMA part.
@@Check to ensure that the component is specified in maintenance data or there is a statement of customer for using of PMA part.

Before installing a component on the A/C, maintenance staff must (INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
Vision check to ensure the component is in good condition.
Check for life limit and correct of PN, SN.
@@Check correct PN, SN and conformable physical condition, life limitation and airworthiness data.

A required calibration tool without calibration label (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; WS; NDT; EE)
can be used if the tool is attached with a serviceable tag.
@@can not be used.
can be used with a concession from SQD department.

A MTE (Measuring and Test Equipment) that does not required calibration must: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT; EE)
@@Be labeled with “Calibration not required – VAECO Form 0018”.
Be tagged with ‘Usage notice – VAECO form 0016”.
There is no requirement

A tool with label a “ACCURACY DOWNGRADED” (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT; EE)
Can not be used and must be sent to repair.
@@Can be used with limitation specified in “Usage notice – VAECO Form 0016”.
Can be used with a concession from SQD department.

Robbery of serviceable part can be performed: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; ACR; PP; MP; MAP)
Only on a serviceable assembly
Only on an unserviceable assembly
@@On either serviceable or unserviceable assembly

Final inspection is performed by: (INV; A; B; C; ACR; PP; CMP; MP)
The authorized staff who carried out maintenance work
@@The authorized inspection staff in charge of the relevant zone
QC inspector

What is the responsibility of cockpit man during towing A/C? (A; B; ACR; INV; QC inspector)
Towing routing, operating of tractor/ tow bar
@@Operating of required A/C systems for towing
Controlling of whole towing/ pushback operation, coordinating of towing/pushback personnel. If towing supervisor is not available, headset man is also responsible for connecting/disconnecting the tow bar to/from aircraft and tractor (disconnect)

What is the responsibility of headset man during towing A/C? (A; B; ACR ; AUD; INV; QC inspector)
Towing routing, operating of tractor/ tow bar
Operating of required A/C systems for towing
@@Controlling of whole towing/ pushback operation, coordinating of towing/pushback personnel. If towing supervisor is not available, headset man is also responsible for connecting/disconnecting the tow bar to/from aircraft and tractor (disconnect)

Which are the correct steps to correct mistake in maintenance documents: (A; B; C; ACR; CAB; IFE; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; PT; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; PP)
@@Strike out the wrong words or makes one (or two) diagonal line(s) and certify by maintenance staff signature and authorized number.
Erase or overwriting the wrong words and certify by maintenance staff signature and authorized number.
Strike out the wrong words or makes one (or two) diagonal line(s) and certify by maintenance staff authorized number.

Unless otherwise specified, leaving blank block in maintenance document is: (A; B; C; ACR; CAB; IFE; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; PT; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; PP; CMP; MP)
@@Not allowed.
Allowed if there is no information to enter in that block.
No specific requirement.

Which of the following document is considered as maintenance record: (B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; MP; EE; CMP; CE; PP)
@@FAA Form 8130-3, purchase order, maintenance release form (VAECO Form 2012).
Aircraft Maintenance Manual, Component Maintenance Manual.
All of these answers are correct.

When towing the aircraft in/out of hangar, the minimum number of clearance monitors is: (B; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP)
02 (L/H wing tip, R/H wing tip).
@@03 (L/H wing tip, R/H wing tip, tail).
04 (L/H wing tip, R/H wing tip, tail, nose).


A component is accompanied with 3 documents: Serviceable tag (VAECO Form 0005), CAAV Form 1, EASA Form 1. Before installing that component to the aircraft, the maintenance staff must check its life limit, airworthiness data in: (A; B; ACR; CAB; IFE; INV; QC Inspector; MP)
Only VAECO Form 0005.
CAAV Form 1 and EASA Form 1.
@@All 3 accompanied documents.

In base maintenance, when a NRC is inadequate for documenting sub-task relating to the main task, (e.g. Removal for access, follow-on checks etc.): (B; ACR; C; CAB; IFE; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP)
Another NRC is raised with source referred to the original NRC.
@@Non routine card continuation form is raised.
Job card attaching sheet is raised.

For the work requiring to use measuring and testing tool/ equipment, authorized staff must record into relevant maintenance document the following contents: (A; B; ACR; CAB; IFE; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP; EE)
Reference maintenance data, tool/equipment’s P/N and S/N.
Tool/equipment’s P/N and S/N, measuring value.
@@Reference maintenance data, tool/equipment’s P/N and S/N and measuring value.

In base maintenance, Panel removed tag (VAECO Form 0010) must be used for: (B; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP)
@@Any panel is removed from the aircraft.
Only panel that is removed and not installed back to the aircraft right away.
Only panels that are at critical part of the aircraft.

Completion of maintenance documents will be performed iaw: (A; B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; IFE; CAB; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; PT; WS; PP; MP; EE; CMP)
Document completion and sign-off shall be performed just after each maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ stage completion and before commencing next maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ stage
The referred technical data name and specific task number (E.g. AMM xx-xx-xx-xxx-xxx-x, MEL xx-xx-xxx...) with amendment/ revision status (revision number and date) used to perform the work/ react to the defect must be specified in specific maintenance document (work card/ job card/ task card, worksheet, EO, SRO, NRC…) or stated for whole WP in a separate sheet/ WO.
@@All of these answers are correct.

When performing maintenance tasks, maintenance staffs have to: (A; B; C; ACR; CAB; IFE; WS; NDT; BSI; STR; WD; PT; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP; EE)
Follow the job card/ worksheet/ NRC to perform no need appropriate maintenance data
Follow the job card/ worksheet/ NRC to perform the work step by step in accordance with instruction in the appropriate maintenance data
@@Follow the job card/ worksheet/ NRC to perform the work step by step in accordance with instruction in the appropriate maintenance data. All necessary maintenance data must be available at working area for reference.

For final inspection, authorized inspection staff shall ensure: (A; B; C; ACR; WS; INV; QC Inspector; PP)
All process documentation has been properly completed and generated discrepancies recorded and corrected or deferred
All requirements of Require Inspection Item (RII) are properly conducted.
@@All work has been inspected as required and record the result accordingly to show compliance to specific standards, all requirements of Require Inspection Item (RII) are properly conducted and all process documentation has been properly completed and generated discrepancies recorded and corrected or deferred

If any base/ line maintenance work cannot be completed during the shift, the maintenance staff fills out Shift/ task handover sheet, what information shall be filled out in that form: (A; B; C; ACR; WS; INV; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE; BSI; NDT; STR; WD; PT; PP; MP)
Work status such as incomplete task/ stage…
@@Component/ part status such as component being removed for access…, work status such as incomplete task/ stage…and tool status such as tools/ equipment borrowed from tool store which cannot be returned as registration
Tool status such as tools/ equipment borrowed from tool store which cannot be returned as registration

In the pre-input meeting, if there is any maintenance work that can not be performed due to lack of tools/equipment: (B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; PP; CMP; MP)
These tasks shall be widrawn and recorded in List of acceptable deferred tasks (VAECO Form 6013).
@@These tasks shall be withdraw.
The related maintenance check shall not be conducted.

For VNA aircraft maintenance check, which department/centre is responsible to evaluate the opening ADD and issue WO to put in the WP: (B; C; ACR; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; PP; CMP; MP; EE)
The TD of maintenance center that performs the check.
The authorized staff who performs the preliminary inspection.
@@MCC

When authorized staffs complete the maintenance document, the amendment/ revision status shall be spectified in: (B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP; EE)
Specific maintenance document (work card/ job card/ task card, worksheet, EO, SRO, NRC…)
Stated for whole WP in a separate sheet/ WO
@@Specific maintenance document (work card/ job card/ task card, worksheet, EO, SRO, NRC…) or Stated for whole WP in a separate sheet/ WO

Before installing parts on aircrafts, the authorized staffs shall perform the inspection of: (A; B; ACR; CAB; IFE; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP)
Physical conditions, life limit.
Airworthiness data in accompanied documents.
@@All of these answers are correct.

Before starting to work in base maintenance check, what shall maintenance staff do: (B; C; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PT; NDT; BSI; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP)
@@Register by writing name and signing in appropriate block in Maintenance staff register sheet (VAECO Form 6015) and perform pre-hangar check and records in Pre-hangar Checklist (VAECO Form 6025) as assigned.
Register by writing name and signing in appropriate block in Maintenance staff register sheet (VAECO Form 6015) and perform post-hangar check and records in the Post-hangar Checklist (VAECO Form 6026)
Perform the preliminary inspection.

If any maintenance document is declared lost? (B; C; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PT; NDT; BSI; INV; QC Inspector; PP; EE)
The TD shall issue the a duplicate copy to replace the original job.
The TD shall issue the a duplicate copy to replace the original job and make a remark on the Master Job card/ Worksheet index and NRC list.
@@The TD shall issue the a duplicate copy to replace the original job and stamp “Duplicate copy” on it.

For A321 aircrafts, to prevent escape slide from accidental deployment, how many persons shall carry out the opening of emergency exit ? (B; C; ACR; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; MP; PP)
02 qualified maintenance staffs who were trained on opening/closing of emergency exits of the concerned aircraft.
@@02 person: 01 RTS staff and one qualified maintenance staff who were trained on opening/closing of emergency exits.
01 qualified maintenance staffs who were trained on opening/closing of emergency exits of the concerned aircraft.

What is the purpose of Identification Tag (VAECO Form 0003)? (B; C; ACR; CAB; IFE; STR; WD; NDT; PT; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP)
It is used to identify a panel that removed from aircraft during base maintenance
It is used to identify the consumable material used for aircraft during base maintenance.
@@Is used to identify removed aircraft part/ component during aircraft base maintenance

When the defect rectification/ repair is to be carried out IAW CMM and the work is not approved as specified in the List of On-wing Maintenance Capability, what shall the respective maintenance center do? (B; C; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP)
@@Performs a self-evaluation to ensure that all applicable conditions are met and send to SQD department for approval before performance.
Performs a self-evaluation to ensure that all applicable conditions are met and send to customer for approval before performance.
Performs a self-evaluation to ensure that all applicable conditions are met and send to related authority for approval before performance.

In case there is any information need further monitoring as MCC requirement, where shall it be recorded? (B; C; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP)
List of acceptable deferred defects
@@List of acceptable deferred defects & further monitoring items (Customer Form or VAECO Form 6012)
Aircraft Handover Sheet (VAECO Form 6011).

What is the requirement below for returning unserviceable part removed from aircraft in base maintenance? (A; B; C; INV; PP; MP; QC Inspector)
Unserviceable part removed from aircraft  must be returned to VAECO store at the end of the shift.
@@Unserviceable part removed from aircraft  must be returned to VAECO store during the day of removal.
Unserviceable part removed from aircraft  must be returned to VAECO store not later than 03 hours.

After engine/APU replacement, what must the respective Maintenance Center do for returning unserviceable engine/APU? (B; SI; MAP; INV; QC Inspector; EE; PP; MP)
@@They must perform cover/ packing for engine/ APU, hands over the engine/ APU to LGC and the LGC has to take over the engine/ APU within 48h since completion of Engine/ APU replacement.
They must immediately hand over the engine/ APU to LGC and the LGC has to take over the engine/ APU within 48h since completion of Engine/ APU replacement.
They must return the unserviceable engine/APU to VAECO store not later than 03 hours.

In base maintenance, what kind of documents must be attached with unserviceable part which being returned to VAECO store? (B; ACR; CAB; IFE; INV; QC Inspector; PP)
Post flight reports or on board maintenance messages.
Copy of Tech. log pages and Bite test report.
@@Unserviceable Tag and Copy of NRC

For VNA and another operator aircraft as contract, when must the production planner upload the Maintenance Release on Aircraft Event of “Technical Information” menu on VAECO website after work pack completion? (INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP; EE)
At the end of the day that the aircraft was released to service.
Within 07 working days
@@Within 03 working days

What is the purpose of Customer Survey (VAECO Form 6024)? (B; C; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP)
It is use to describe the service order of customer (except VNA, K6, VASCO).
@@It is use to get necessary information from customer (except VNA, K6, VASCO) for maintenance preparation.
It is use to get necessary information from customer (including VNA, K6, VASCO) for maintenance preparation.

Which department/center is responsible to prepare all required tools, equipment as required by MCC to ensure the Work Pack (WP) preparation is performed properly to meet the customer’s requirements? (B; C; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; MP; PP; EE)
Appropriate Mantenance Center
@@MSC
LGC

How does QC inspector indicate that they checked all completed maintenance documents for completeness and accuracy of entries? (B; C; INV; QC Inspector; PP)
@@By stamping in each work documents.
By registering in computer system.
By stamping, signing and specified the performed date in column “Performed” of the Master Job card/ Worksheet Index (VAECO Form 6019) or NRC list (VAECO Form 6003) or Customer Forms.

After completion of maintenance check, who must contacts with MCC to update OPM Requirement Control Sheet (VAECO form 1003) (for VNA A/C and contracted operator’s A/C)? (INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP)
The foreman of related maintenance centre.
@@The production planner (Dock controller) of related maintenance center.
QC inspector.

What is the safety requirement for fueled aircraft in hangar? (B; ACR; C; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP)
Hangar doors shall be kept open and an tow-bar shall be attached to aircraft
Before moving aircraft into the hangar, the fuel tanks must be inert and rendered safe.
@@Can be de-fuelling or refuelling in hangar with approved by QC manager

In line maintenance, if the structure damage cannot be permanent repaired, what must authorized staff must do? (B; C; INV; QC Inspector; MP; EE)
Raise an ADD type B with deadline based on maintenance data such as AMM/ SRM otherwise the deadline is next 180 days if SRO has not been created.
@@Raise an ADD type B with deadline based on maintenance data/approved repair solution i.a.w customer procedure customer procedure
Raise an ADD type B with deadline is next 180 days.

Before starting to work in base maintenance check, assigned maintenance staff of each working team performs (B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE; PP)
Preliminary inspection firstly
@@Pre-hangar check and records into Pre-hangar Checklist (VAECO Form 6025) firstly
Pre-hangar check and Preliminary inspection concurrently

During base maintenance work, using Defect identification tag (VAECO Form 0013) for better identifying location of defects: (B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE; STR; WD; PP)
@@Yellow tag is for qualified maintenance staff and Pink tag is for Authorized inspection personnel.
Pink tag is for qualified maintenance staff and Yellow tag is for Authorized inspection personnel.
Yellow tag is for qualified maintenance staff and Pink tag is for QC inspector staff.

For A321 aircrafts, in line maintenance to prevent escape slide from accidental deployment, the opening of emergency exits for maintenance must be carried out by: (B; C; ACR; INV; QC inspector)
Two maintenance staff with one maintenance staff reads step of related AMM and other maintenance staff opens door.
@@One authorizedstaff and one maintenance staff, briefing must be carried out before starting work, maintenance staff reads Read and confirm check list and an authorized staff does disarm/open IAW applicable approved maintenance data, confirm IAW Read and confirm check list
One staff opens the emergency exit and the other monitors this process

Who approve the List of On-wing Maintenance Capability? (B; C; ACR; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE; STR; WD; MP; PP; CMP; CE; EE)
Director of Maintenance Center
@@SQD Director
CAAV

Who approve the CAAV Capability List Manual? (AUD; INV; QC Inspector; WS; EE; PP; MP; CMP)
Director of Maintenance Center
SQD Director
@@CAAV

Where do you find the List of On-wing Maintenance Capability? (B; C; ACR; INV;  QC Inspector; CAB; IFE; STR; WD; PP; MP; CMP; EE)
@@On VAECO website under Library
On SQD Technical Report
On SQD Document Common

For the component transferred to workshop with “local repair” option: After performing maintenance, component certifying staff sends the component to requester with: (B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE; STR; WD; WS; PP)
@@Completed JCAS, the original finding/repair report and the original ARC
Completed JCAS, the original finding/repair report, the original ARC and original Worksheet.
Completed JCAS, the original finding/repair report, the original ARC and copy Worksheet.

For the component transferred to workshop with “local repair” option: After performing maintenance, component certifying staff sends the component to the TD of performing maintenance center with: (INV; QC Inspector; STR; WD; WS; PP)
Original of ARC, finding/repair report and worksheet
@@Copies of ARC, finding/repair report and original worksheet
Completed JCAS, the copies of ARC, finding/repair report and original worksheet

Post-Hangar Checklist (VAECO Form 6026) must be performed at final inspection, applicable for: (B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; IFE; CAB; STR; WD; PP)
Line Maintenance
@@Base Maintenance
Base Maintenance (excluding P or E check)

How to complete the working copy in base maintenance (AMM…, that is different from standard practice task) in the case that steps/subtasks are not applicable or not required to perform? (B; C; QC; INV; ACR; BSI; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
Draw two horizontal lines (if not available), one just above the nonapplicable step(s)/subtask(s) and one just below the nonapplicable step(s)/subtask(s).
@@Draw two horizontal lines (if not available), one just above the nonapplicable step(s)/subtask(s) and one just below the nonapplicable step(s)/subtask(s); Write down “N/A” (Not Applicable) on the “MECH” column and confirms by stamping or signing or entering his authorized number on the “INSP” column; Clearly state the reason for the non-applicable step(s)/subtask(s) (if not self-explained). The reason is written under the word “N/A” or on the blank area of the working copy.
Write down “N/A” (Not Applicable) on the “MECH” column and confirms by stamping or signing or entering his authorized number on the “INSP” column; Clearly state the reason for the non-applicable step(s)/subtask(s) (if not self-explained). The reason is written under the word “N/A” or on the blank area of the working copy.

For maintenance document completion, who will sign into “MECH” column in maintenance document (WO, NRC, JC/NRCC…)? (A; B; C; QC; INV; ACR; WS; BSI; NDT; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
Un-authorized staff, who performs the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s) or who supports authorized staff to perform the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)
Authorized staff who is responsible to performs and sign-off for the whole of task/ work iaw maintenance data after reviewing to ensure all steps/subtask(s) have been properly performed by authorized staff.
@@Un-authorized staff, who performs the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s) under supervision of authorized staff or who supports authorized staff to perform the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s);

This is a case for competing the “MECH” column of maintenance document (WO, NRC, JC/NRCC..): (A; B; C; QC; INV; ACR; WS; BSI; NDT; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
@@Enter “N/A” on the “MECH” column by the authorized staff (who performs and signs off for the completed maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ task iaw maintenance data) if a step/ subtask is not applicable or does not required to perform.
Enter “N/A” on the “MECH” column by the un-authorized staff (who performs the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s) under supervision of authorized staff or who supports authorized staff to perform the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s), if a step/ subtask is not applicable or does not required to perform.
Enter “N/A” and sign on the “MECH” column by the authorized staff (who performs and signs off for the completed maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ task iaw maintenance data)   if a step/ subtask is not applicable or does not required to perform.

How to complete the “MECH” column of maintenace document (WO, NRC, JC/NRCC..)? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; INV; ACR; WS; BSI; NDT; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
The authorized staff, who performs and signs off for the completed maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ task iaw maintenance data) will enter “N/A” on the “MECH” column if  maintenance work step/ subtask is not applicable or does not required to perform.
@@For the completed maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ task iaw maintenance data, the un-authorized staff/ group of un-authorized staff, who performs the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s) under supervision of authorized staff or who supports authorized staff to perform the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s) will sign and enter respective VAECO ID on the “MECH” column or the authorized staff who performs (without support of un-authorized staff) and signs off for this completed maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ task will enter cross “X” in this column. If a maintenance work step/ subtask is not applicable or is not required to perform, the authorized staff will enter “N/A” on the “MECH” column.
The un-authorized staff, who performs the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s) under supervision of authorized staff or who supports authorized staff to perform the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s) will sign and enter respective VAECO ID on this column.

For normal task, how to complete the “INSP” column of maintenance document (WO, NRC, JC/NRCC..)? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; INV; ACR; WS; BSI; NDT; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
Authorized staff who performs and signs off for the completed maintenance work step(s)/subtask(s)/ task iaw maintenance data, he/ she will sign and enter VAECO ID in this column.
The un-authorized staff, who performs the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s) under supervision of authorized staff or who supports authorized staff to perform the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s) will sign and enter respective VAECO ID on this column.
@@Authorized staff who performs and signs off for the completed maintenance work step(s)/subtask(s)/ task iaw maintenance data, he/ she will sign and enter authorization number in this column.

How to complete the statement block of WO, NRC, JC/NRCC. (if applicable)? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; INV; ACR; WS; BSI; NDT; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
The authorized staff, who performs, signs-off for the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s) and sign-off for the whole of task/work iaw maintenance data will sign and enter his authorization number on this block.
@@The authorized staff, who sign-off for the whole of task/work iaw maintenance data will  sign and enter his authorization number on this block after reviewing to ensure all steps/subtask(s) have been properly performed by authorized staff.
The authorized staff, who performs and signs-off for the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s) iaw maintenance data will sign and enter his authorization number on this block.

“When authorized staff are available to perform the critical tasks, each task must be performed by different authorized staff and is completed in the same way as normal task”. This is the way of maintenance document completion for which type of task below?  (A; B; C; QC Inspector; AUD; INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
@@Critical task type 1.
Critical task type 2.
Critical task type 1 and Critical task type 2.

“When only one authorized staff is available to perform the tasks for base maintenance, critical tasks are completed and signed and entered authorization number by authorized staff in the same way as normal task. And then the authorized staff opens an NRC to re-inspect these tasks and sign off for the NRC”.  This is the way completing maintenance document for which type of task below? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; AUD; INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
@@Critical task type1.
Critical task type 2.
Critical task type 1 and Critical task type 2.

“When only one authorized staff is available to perform the task for base maintenance, critical task is completed and signed and entered authorization number by authorized staff in the same way as normal task. And then the authorized staff opens an NRC to re-inspect the task and sign off for the NRC”.  – This is the way completing maintenance document for which type of task below:? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; AUD; INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
Critical task type1.
@@Critical task type 2.
Critical task type 1 and Critical task type 2.

“When only one authorized staff is available to perform the tasks for line maintenance, the authorized staff signs off  both critical tasks and add a new entry in technical log, completes and signs off for the re-inspection work.”.  – This is the way completing maintenance document for which type of task below:? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; AUD; INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
@@Critical task type1.
Critical task type 2.
Critical task type 1 and Critical task type 2.

“When only one authorized staff is available to perform the task for line maintenance, the authorized staff signs off critical tasks and add a new entry in technical log, completes and signs off for the re-inspection work.”.  – This is the way completing maintenance document for which type of task below:? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; AUD; INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
Critical task type1.
@@Critical task type 2.
Critical task type 1 and Critical task type 2.

How to complete the maintenance document for critical task type 1? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP; EE)
When authorized staff are available to perform the couple of tasks: Each critical maintenance task must be performed by different authorized staff and is completed in the same way as normal task.
When only one authorized staff is available to perform the couple of tasks:\n- For base maintenance: the couple of critical tasks are completed and signed and entered authorization number by authorized staff in the same way as normal task. And then the authorized staff opens an NRC to re-inspect these tasks and sign off for the NRC.\n- For line maintenance: the authorized staff signs off both critical tasks and add a new entry in technical log, completes and signs off for the re-inspection work.
@@All these answers are correct.

How to complete the maintenance document for critical task type 2? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; INV; ACR; STR; WD; PP; EE)
When authorized staff are available to perform the task:\n- Authorized staff who perform the task shall complete this task in the same way as normal task;\n- Other authorized staff who independently inspects the task shall cross (X) on ‘MECH’ column, sign and enter his authorization number on ‘INSP’ column of the respective independent inspection items.
When only one authorized staff is available to perform the task:\n- For base maintenance: the critical task is completed, signed and entered authorization number by authorized staff in the same way as normal task. And the authorized staff opens a NRC to re-inspect the task and sign off for the NRC.\n- For line maintenance: the authorized staff signs critical task and add a new entry in technical log, completes and signs off for the reinspection work.
@@All these answers are correct.

How to complete the maintenance document for RII task? (B; C; QC Inspector; INV; ACR; STR; WD; EE)
@@Authorized staff who perform the task shall complete this task in the same way as normal task; RII inspectors who independently inspect the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ task as required shall cross (X) on ‘MECH’ column, sign and enter his authorization number on ‘INSP’ column of the respective independent inspection items.
Authorized staff who perform the task shall complete this task in the same way as normal task;
RII inspectors who independently inspect the maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ task as required shall opens a NRC to re-inspect the task and sign off for the NRC.
All these answers are correct.

Is VAECO allowed to perform robbery and swapping on customer’s aircraft? (B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
Yes, when customer requests and follows customer’s procedure.
Yes, when all information related to robbed/swapped component’s airworthiness status is provided and confirmed by customer except customer who has contract with VAECO to monitor airworthiness status.
@@Yes, when customer requests and follows customer’s procedure and when all information related to robbed/swapped component’s airworthiness status is provided and confirmed by customer except customer who has contract with VAECO to monitor airworthiness status.

In aircraft towing procedure, who is the towing leader? (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR)
The tractor driver.
the Cockpit man.
@@The headset man if headset can be used during towing or assigned appropriate staff in special towing cases.

The limitation in which document must be followed when towing to parking position at NBA/ SGN? (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR)
@@The limitations in “ SO DO KEO DAT TREN SAN DO VAECO NBA/SGN”.
The is no limitation for towing to parking position at NBA/ SGN.
The limitation in “Ground Operation Manual”

Who is responsible to identify the critical task on maintenance tasks? (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP; MP; EE; CMP)
EGD
Customer
@@The in-charge person, who issue maintenance document (WO, EO, SRO, NRC, NRCC..)

Which is the primary error-capturing method to be used? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; AUD; INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
Re-inspection.
@@Independent inspection.
All these answers are correct.

An error capturing method subject to the same conditions as an independent inspection except that the authorized staff performing the maintenance task is also acting as the inspection person. – This is the definition of which item below? (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
Independent inspection
RII (Required inspection items)
@@Re-inspection.

Aircraft dock, platform, scissors lifter, high-lift platform and ladder are: (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
Maintenance equipment.
@@High level access equipment.
Access equipment.

High working area is (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
@@The area that is over 2 meters above the base (floor or protected platform) where a person could be injured if they fell from that place.
The area that is over 3 meters above the base (floor or protected platform) where a person could be injured if they fell from that place.
The area that is over 2.5 meters above the base (floor or protected platform) where a person could be injured if they fell from that place.

For standard practice tasks such as maintenance task in AMM ATA 11, ATA 20, ATA 70 or SRM ATA 51.. (B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
The copy working (AMM…) must be printed out and completed just after each maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ stage completion and before commencing next maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ stage.
@@The copy working (AMM…) may not be printed out and completed just after each maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ stage completion and before commencing next maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ stage.
The copy working (AMM…) shall be printed out and completed just after each maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ stage completion and before commencing next maintenance work step(s)/ subtask(s)/ stage if needed.

How to enter the manhour in the case that maintenance task(s) is(are) performed by some groups of maintenance staffs from same maintenance center or different maintenance centers? (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR; BSI; NDT; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP; MP)
Maintenance staffs in each group will enter manhours for oneself.
The team leader of each group can enter manhours for their whole group.
@@Maintenance staffs in each group will enter manhours for oneself, or the team leader of each group can enter manhours for their whole group.

How to enter the manhour in the case that maintenance task (s) is/ are performed by a group of maintenance staffs? (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR; BSI; NDT; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP; MP)
Each maintenance staff in the group enters manhours for oneself.
The team leader can enter manhours for whole group.
@@Each maintenance staff in the group enters manhours for oneself or the team leader can enter manhours for whole group.

During maintenance process, if anything that could effects on aircraft airworthiness, maintenance quality is identified (such as: aircraft must be towed out of hangar and parking for a long time due to lack of spares), what must do? (C, B, QC Inspector, INV; ACR; PP; MP; CMP)
Maintenance center shall report the affection to MCC, if customer has contract with VAECO for monitoring airworthiness status (VNA, VASCO, K6) and SQD. Base on existing database (maintenance data, maintenance schedule, ..), MCC shall assess additional requirements, issue WO to maintenance center to implement. If any issue/assessment difficulties arisen, MCC shall request support from EGD to resolve.
Maintenance center shall report the affection to BPD, SQD , EGD, if customers does not have contract with VAECO for monitoring airworthiness status. In this case, EGD coordinates with the maintenance center and SQD to clarify a Risks Assessment (AR). The AR shall be sent to the customer by SQD. The customer shall be requested to carry out a necessary additional maintenance actions.  If customer accepted, BPD will deploy customer’s service order . Otherwise, maintenance center continues carrying out contracted work packs. CAT C C/S may issue maintenance release certificate with in-completed work
@@All these answers are correct.

In the case of maintenance staffs need the support in maintenance activities but the issue related to AD, SB, MOD, Structure and is out of maintenance center capability, TD creates a TAR with related document to: (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR; BSI; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; EE; MP; PP)
EGD.
MCC.
@@c. Line maintenance center sends TAR to MCC, Base maintenance center sends TAR to EGD.

In rob/swap procedure on VNA aircraft, how to control the installation of component back to the donor aircraft? (B; C; QC;  INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP; MP; CMP)
by a NRC in the case that the removal WO is linked with a Work Pack.
by a new item in technical log in the case that the removal WO is NOT linked with a Work pack.
@@by an installation WO issued by MCC. This WO must be added to the Work pack if the Removal WO is linked with a WP of the donor aircraft, or this WO is linked to a new item in technical log of the donor aircraft in the case that the removal WO is NOT linked with any WP.

Whom the QC inspector must report to in the case of any concern about safety issue in base maintenance process? (B; C; QC Inspector; AUD; INV; ACR; PP)
Foreman
Respective Technical Division Manager.
@@CAT C Certifying staff.

What for the tagout devices (Warning tags/ Electric tags) are used? (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
To warn about the energy-isolating device and the machine or equipment should not be operated and controlled according to relevant information on the used warning tags/ electric tags.
To ensure the safety of maintenance staff, to avoid damage to aircraft/ aircraft component during maintenance if performing tasks with incorrect required configuration; to ensure aircraft is returned to correct configuration after completing maintenance tasks.
@@All these answers are correct.

For what situation the warning tag (VAECO Form 0006) is used? (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
Identify the position a component removed; Attach to Switch, Control lever, Circuit Breaker (C/B)… in the cockpit/ avionic compartment for warning maintenance staff as required in maintenance data (such as: do not operate/ do not turn on the switch/ do not close the C/B…) to prevent operation of related system or movement of flight control or others;
Describe anything that needs to be warned (unfinished maintenance tasks (such as wait for check leak, wait for test…), identify the incomplete installation of components, identify the position a tube opened …).
@@All of these answers are correct.

Can a warning tag be attached on more than 01 Circuit Breaker (C/B)? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; AUD; INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
No
Yes
@@Yes, based on the assessment of authorized staff.

How to control the work if warning tag is used by more than one authorized staff? (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
The authorized staff who completes the related maintenance task (Job card/WO/NRC…) must make the cross-line on appropriate section of oneself in white side of warning tag. The authorized staff can cross on the section of other authorized staff (in case warning tag is attached on C/B or switch, that authorized staff doesn’t close the C/B or switch). The last authorized staff has the responsibility to remove this warning tag on the aircraft and finally closes the C/B or switch (if applicable).
@@The authorized staff who completes the related maintenance task (Job card/WO/NRC…) must make the cross-line on appropriate section of oneself in white side of warning tag. Don’t cross on the section of other authorized staff (in case warning tag is attached on C/B or switch, that authorized staff doesn’t close the C/B or switch). The last authorized staff has the responsibility to remove this warning tag on the aircraft and finally closes the C/B or switch (if applicable).
The authorized staff who completes the related maintenance task (Job card/WO/NRC…) must make the cross-line on appropriate section of oneself in white side of warning tag. Don’t cross on the section of other authorized staff (in case warning tag is attached on C/B or switch, that authorized staff  closes the C/B or switch). The last authorized staff has the responsibility to remove this warning tag on the aircraft and finally closes the C/B or switch (if applicable).

What must the authorized staff do, in case C/B or Switch is opening or Control lever setting to particular position and attached with a warning tag, and authorized staff wants to close that C/B or Switch or set Control lever to other position for their maintenance task? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; AUD; INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; PP)
He/ she can close that C/B or Switch or set Control lever to other position for their maintenance task without any action more.
He/ she informs CAT C Certifying staff to coordinate with team leaders of related zones for safety evaluating effects of closing the C/B or Switch or changing position of Control lever to pending works.
@@He/she informs Foreman to coordinate with team leaders of related zones for safety evaluating effects of closing the C/B or Switch or changing position of Control lever to pending works.

For using Warning Tag (VAECO Form 0006)/ Electric tag, who is responsible for finally closeing the Circuit Breaker (CB)/ Electronic CB? (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; PP; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
Any certifying staff.
@@The last authorized staff, who completes the last related maintenance task.
Suppervisor.

What need to do in the case that warning tag is lost and can’t be found? (A; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
@@The authorized staff assures that configuration of aircraft is returned to the configuration
before performing related maintenance tasks.
The maintenance task are perform as normal.
The authirized staff shall ask CAT C Certifying staff to get the solution.

In case EO is needed to perform OPM that arising from borescope inspection result, how was the OPM closed? (BSI; B; C; QC Inspector;  INV; PP; MP; CMP; ACR)
MCC controls and issues WO to perform and clear OPM.
@@MCC sends request with reference number of OPM to EGD to issue the EO and the OPM shall be closed after the EO is issued.
The OPM shall not be closed unless the related defect is rectified.

During the performance of maintenance tasks, CRS staff should ( INV; A; B; QM; BSI; WS)
@@check regularly working environment to ensure that NO foreign object exist on aircraft, engine and aircraft components.
check on close-up of tasks to ensure that NO foreign object exist on aircraft, engine and aircraft components.
not have to check for foreign object because Ground support staff is responsibility for removing all foreign objects

In line maintenance, before A/C arriving, assuring of NO foreign object available in parking area is responsibility of (AUD; INV; A; B)
Mechanics.
@@Maintenance staff.
Airport cleaning staffs.

FOD prevention inspections shall be performed: ( INV; A; B; ACR)
Before every flight.
After every flight and/ or engine run-up.
@@Before and after every flight and/ or engine run-up.

Required Inspection Item (RII) tasks are performed ( INV; B; C; PP; ACR)
By qualified staff, then independently inspected and signed off by an authorized inspection staff.
By qualified staff, then independently inspected and signed off by a suitable authorized staff.
@@By qualified staff, then independently inspected and signed off by RII inspector whom accepted by customer.

When remove component, the tube/ line ends must be covered by (AUD; INV; A; B; C; ACR; SI; MAP; WS)
@@Blanking cap/ plug
Adhesive tape
Plastic bag and adhesive tape

Who can give decision to apply A/C brake during towing at line maintenance? ( INV; A; B; C; ACR)
@@Towing leader (headset man/ assigned staff ).
Cockpit Man
Wing walker/ tail walker.

Which is correct if structural defect is out of SRM allowable limit? ( INV; PP; MP; B; C; ACR; STR)
Defect must be raised before release A/C to service.
@@Defect must be repaired before release A/C to service.
A/C can be released to service if defect recorded in Dent & buckle chart.

Repair solution for structural defect, which is out of SRM repairable limit, should be determined by ( INV; PP; MP; EE; B; C; ACR; STR)
QC division- SQD department.
Base maintenance center.
@@Engineering Department.

At HAN, DAD and SGN station, which is time limit for bringing 2nd copy (white copy  colored) of Technical log pages to respective RTD? ( INV; A; B; C; PP)
@@Within 03 hours
Within 12 hours
24 hours
d. Within 24 months

The INSPECTION TAG (Form VAECO 0014) is attached to the emergency equipment to: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; ACR; SI; MAP; WS; CAB)
indicate the type of work.
indicate the expiry date only.
@@indicate the type of work and the expiry date.

How to check time limit of emergency equipment installed on A/C? (AUD; INV; A; B; C; ACR; SI; MAP; WS; CAB)
Using list of aircraft component required maintenance (VAECO Form 1001).
Using AMOS and CMM.
@@Checking “INSPECTION TAG” Form VAECO 0014 attached to each emergency equipment.

Which case is NOT required to issue “Recertified Certificate” for a component robbed from aircraft? ( INV; PP; MP; CMP; A; B; C; ACR)
@@The component from robbed A/C is directly installed to other A/C at same location and by same authorized staff.
The component from “robbed” A/C at one station (HAN for example) is installed to other A/C at other station (HCM for example).
The component from donated A/C is sent to store, and then installed to other A/C.

The Preflight checks for VNA A/C should be performed ( INV; A; B)
@@not earlier than two (2) hours before the flight.
not earlier than three (3) hours before the flight.
not earlier than four (4) hours before the flight.

Prior connecting headset to A/C in transit check, chocks must be installed (INV; A; B)
@@in front of and behind the nose wheels .
in front of OR behind the nose wheels provided chocks can against A/C movement cause by slope of parking area.
in front of and behind the nose wheels and main wheels.

Where can find the VNA - line maintenance checklist such as: pre-flight/transit, terminal/daily check in hardcopies? (INV; PP; A; B)
@@On Technical Log folder .
On Technical Log folder and VNA - line maintenance manual.
On Technical Log folder and VAECO MOE.

For the defects that not covered in the approved maintenance data such as MEL, CDL, AMM…, what action of Maintenance staff shall be carried out? (INV; PP; MP; A; B; C)
Release A/C as normal.
Release A/C with concession issued bay VAECO SQD.
@@Raise a TAR and send to TD.

Is Cat A CRS holder permitted to clear an ADD type B? (INV; A; PP; MP; CMP)
No, only the Cat B1/B2 CRS holders are permitted to clear an ADD type B.
Yes, If the ADD is listed in appendix 1 of authorisation certificate.
@@Yes, if ADD clearance requires only maintenances within his endorsed authorisation.

Can you install PMA part to PAX seat, galley, IFE system and cabin normal light on VNA aircraft? (INV; PP; MP; CMP; A; B; C)
No.
@@Yes
Yes, Only for which is specified in IPC.

In case of lightning strike at outstation, authorization staff shall  (INV; A; B; C)
@@Return A/C to service if the task of “Inspection after Lightning Strike” in AMM chapter 05 is performed, result and appropriate action taken is wrote in Techlog.
Return A/C to home base provided stroked areas have no damage and radio, radar, navigation aids systems work normally and ADD type “B” is raised for detailed inspection of the entire A/C on return to home base at the first available opportunity.
Return A/C to service if the task of “Inspection after Lightning Strike” in AMM chapter 05 is performed and ADD type “B” is raised for detailed inspection of the entire A/C on return to home base at the first available opportunity.

When the flight crew calls the mechanic on the headset and request pushback but the mechanic are not ready, how can mechanic will answer? (INV; A; B)
@@Negative, standby for pushback.
Hold-on, Aircraft not ready for pushback.
Clear for pushback facing ... (direction).

When A/C arrived, the mechanic check brake set and put chocks in position, how can mechanic advice to flight crew? (INV; A; B)
@@Chocks in place, release brakes.
Chocks in position, release brakes.
Chocks on.release brakes

Upon completion of a normal pushback, the tractor driver will apply the brakes. The maintenance staff will advise the flight crew as follows: (INV; A; B)
@@Ground to cockpit, pushback complete, set brakes.
Hold-on, Aircraft not ready for pushback.
Chocks on.release brakes

When external pneumatic power source is connected to A/C, the mechanic will advise the flight crew as follow: (INV; A; B)
@@The air starter connected, standing by for engine start.
Pneumatic pressure is available.
Ready to start engines. Supply pneumatic pressure.

In case of emergency, call “STOP!” to order pilot to set brake: (INV; A; B)
Using abruptly extend arms to top of head, set brakes
Using abruptly extend arms to top of shoulder, crossing arms.
@@Using abruptly extend arms to top of head, crossing arms.

If actual fuel quantity on-board have to be measured by manual magnetic stick/indicator, (INV; A; B)
@@The action and measured fuel quantity on-board shall be certified in “Action taken” box of Technical Log page.
The correct fuel quantity on-board shall be recorded in “depart.” column in Technical Log page.
The correct fuel quantity on-board shall be recorded in “UPLIFT” column in Technical Log page.

Definition of RII:  (INV; PP; MP; EE; B; C)
@@RII inspection is imposed on those tasks that could result in a failure, malfunction, or defect that endangers the safe operation of the aircraft if the task is not completed properly or if you use improper parts or material.
RII inspection is imposed on those tasks that could result in a failure, malfunction, or defect that endangers the safe operation of the aircraft if you use improper parts or material.
RII inspection is imposed on those tasks that could result in a failure, malfunction, or defect that endangers the safe operation of the aircraft if the task is not completed properly.

Where the Safety cone(s) can be placed while A/C is parking? (INV; PP; A; B)
In front of A/C engines.
@@In front and outboard of A/C engines.
In front and outboard of A/C engines, tail of A/C.

To prepare for aircraft departure, headset man confirms: (INV; A; B)
@@The MLG wheel chocks are removed; Surrounding of A/C, engine inlet and gas exhaust areas are clean and clear of personnel/GSE/foreign object
The MLG wheel chocks are removed; Surrounding of A/C is clean and clear of personnel/GSE/foreign object
The MLG/ NLG wheel chocks are removed; engine inlet and gas exhaust areas are clean and clear of personnel/GSE/foreign object

What is meaning of this hand signal? (INV; A; B) \n [IMG:connect ground power.png]
Dispatch aircraft
@@Connect ground power.
Chocks inserted.

What is meaning of this hand signal? (INV; A; B) \n [IMG:dispatch ac.png]
@@Dispatch A/C
Hold position/ standby.
Release brake.

What is meaning of this hand signal? (INV; A; B) \n [IMG:chock remove.png]
Affirmative / all clear
Dispatch A/C
@@Chock removed.

What is meaning of this hand signal? (INV; A; B) \n [IMG:cut engines.png]
Affirmative / all clear
Chock removed.
@@Cut engines.

What is meaning of this hand signal? (INV; A; B) \n [IMG:chock inserted.png]
@@Chocks inserted
Dispatch A/C
Chock removed.

In the following hand-signals, what is “fire on Engine”? (INV; A; B) \n[IMG:fire on engine.png]
a)
b)
@@c)

In the following hand-sigals, what is “emergence stop” (INV; A; B) \n [IMG:emergency stop.png]
a)
@@b)
c)

Temporary authorization (dispensation) is used to: (A; B; INV; QC Inspector)
@@Allow maintenance staff to perform maintenance work in unforeseen event at the out-stations.
Allow maintenance staff to perform maintenance work in unforeseen event at all stations.
Allow maintenance staff to perform maintenance work in unforeseen event at the main stations.

For line maintenance activities, Preliminary inspection should check: (A; B; INV; PP; QC Inspector)
General visual inspections of the aircraft exterior and interior
Review of Technical and Cabin Defect Logs to determine non-routine tasks
@@Inspections using customer checklist, General visual inspections of the aircraft exterior and interior, Review of Technical and Cabin Defect Logs, Review of Notices of Flight Crews, Review of Post Flight reports, Check of the status of ADDs and associated requirements, Review of the OPM list (VAECO form 1003 for VNA aircraft).

In aircraft towing/pushback process, what is the responsibility of cockpit man? (A; B; ACR; INV; QC Inspector)
@@Cockpit man is responsible for operating of required aircraft systems for towing.
Connect/disconnect the towbar to/from the aircraft
Install/remove the nose gear steering bypass pin

In aircraft towing/pushback process, what is the responsibility of Towing leader (handset man)? (A; B; ACR; INV; QC Inspector)
@@controlling of whole towing/ pushback operation, coordinating of towing/pushback personnel.
Make sure that communicating signal between GCT and aircraft is always available.
Control towing speed

In aircraft towing/pushback process, what is the responsibility of clearance monitor? (A; B; ACR; INV; QC Inspector)
Install Landing gear safety pins/sleeves
@@Be responsible for monitoring the A/C clearance when towing/ pushback in a congested or restricted aircraft movement area
Make sure that towbar, safety pin, towbarless tractor are suitable for the specific aircraft type

What is Towing leader prohibited to do during towing within VAECO area (A; ACR; INV; QC Inspector)
Using towing/ pushback checklist for specific type of aircraft.
Performing IAW relevant AMM and customer procedures of towing.
@@During towing/ pushback must always keep contact with cockpit man and tractor driver and in position which clearly saw by tractor driver and maintenance staff (cockpit man, clearance monitor).

When must Ground gear lock pins be installed on aircraft? (A; ACR; INV; QC Inspector)
@@Towing
Pushback
All of these answers are correct.

What is mandatory when towing with no aircraft brake? (A; ACR; INV; PP; QC Inspector)
There must be a cockpit man
Aircraft weight and balance must be calculated and applied I.A.W manufacturer technical data by authorized staff before towing activity
@@2 Mechanics have to follow the aircraft during all the towing duration at the level of the MLG with chocks (a safety distance of 2/3 meters has to be respected). If the towbar comes off, the Mechanics have to chock the aircraft immediately.

Before fueling the aircraft, what must the authorized staff be sure about fuel? (A; ACR; INV; QC Inspector)
Free of contamination
Is of correct grade and specification for each aircraft type
@@All of these answers are correct.

Is it allowable to operate APU during fuel operation? (A, B, ACR, INV; PP; QC Inspector)
@@Yes if APU is started for the first time or restarted after normal shutdown.
Yes if APU is started for the first time or restarted after normal or emergency shutdown.
No, starting or shuting down APU during fuel operation is prohibited.

What is the requirement below for returning unserviceable part removed from aircraft for ramp maintenance? (A; B; ACR; AUD; INV; PP; MP; CMP; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE)
Unserviceable part removed from aircraft  must be returned to VAECO store at the end of the shift.
Unserviceable part removed from aircraft  must be returned to VAECO store during the day of removal.
@@Unserviceable part removed from aircraft  must be returned to VAECO store as soon as possible, but not later than 03 hours.

When shall the PRE-FLIGHT/TRANSIT check be performed for VNA aircraft? (A; B; INV; QC Inspector)
Before each flight but not latter than 2 hours before the flight.
@@Before each flight but not earlier than 2 hours before the flight.
Before each flight.

For VNA aircraft, In case the different fuel quantity between fuel vehicle and aircraft indicator is out of limit, what must technical Staffs do? (A; INV; QC Inspector)
@@Verify the volume of fuel using manual magnetic stick or integrated refuel panel (IRP) and record in Tech Log.
Use aircraft fuel indicator to record in Tech Log.
Use vehicle fuel indicator to record in Tech Log.

In line maintenance at main station, unserviceable components removed from the aircraft must be returned to VAECO store: (A, B, AUD, INV; PP; MP; CMP; QC Inspector, CAB, IFE)
@@As soon as possible but not later than 03 hours.
On the day of removal.
As soon as possible but not later than 06 hours.

When A/C arrival, maintenance staff should be available at arrival gate/ parking place …… (1) minutes and complete the check to prevent FOD at arrival gate/ parking place prior to Actual Time of Arrival (ATA): (A; B; INV; QC inspector)
(1) is 10
(1) is 20
@@(1) is 15

For towing/pushback in airport (ramp) area, where are the clearance monitor requirements specified? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; INV)
@@Clearance monitor requirements specified in Manual “QUY DINH AN TOAN” by related airport authority.
Clearance monitor requirements specified in GOM
Clearance monitor requirements specified in CAAV MOE.

How to get the number of OPM if there is a need to open OPM requirement during ramp maintenance? (A; B; QC Inspector; INV; PP; MP; CMP; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
The temporary tracking number of OPM is a random number.
The temporary tracking number of OPM shall be counted by increasing 01 to the highest existing OPM tracking number in OPM Requirement Control Sheet (VAECO Form 1003) on the aircraft.
@@The OPM tracking number shall be got from MCC.

What is the maximum speed of tractor during towing/ pushback is? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; INV;)
20 km/h
25 km/h
@@10 km/h

What is the maximum speed of tractor without aircraft is? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; INV)
20 km/h
@@25 km/h
10 km/h

Work Request (VAECO Form 7014) is issued basing on: (INV; PP; MP; CMP; WS; NDT/BSI)
@@Approved scope of work of the appropriate Base Maintenance Center/CIMC and requirements from Logistics Center/ VAECO’s Maintenance Centers
Scope of work of the appropriate Maintenance Center and requests from Customer/ VAECO’s Maintenance Centers
Approved scope of work scope of the appropriate Maintenance Center and requests from VAECO’s Maintenance Centers

The shop Work Request (VAECO Form 7014) is issued by: (AUD; INV; PP; MP; CMP; WS; NDT/BSI)
@@The TD of  appropriate  Base Maintenance Center/CIMC
The VAECO Engineering Department (EGD)
The appropriate Maintenance Center or VAECO Engineering Department (EGD)

Which document(s) must be issued before carrying out the component maintenance? (AUD; INV; PP; MP; CMP; WS; NDT/BSI)
Non-Routine Card (VAECO Form 6001) and Component Maintenance Worksheet (VAECO Form 7032)
@@Work Request (VAECO Form 7014) and Component Maintenance Worksheet (VAECO Form 7032)
Work Request (VAECO Form 7014) and Non-Routine Card (VAECO Form 6001)

Which kinds of inspection are mandatory during components maintenance? (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
Preliminary inspection, Hidden damage inspection, Final inspection.
Preliminary inspection, Hidden damage inspection, In-process inspection, Final inspection.
@@Preliminary inspection, In-process inspection, Final inspection.

Hidden damage inspection for components is applicable for: (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
@@Components involved in accident
All components
VAECO owned components

The Final test in maintenance process for aircraft components is performed in accordance with: (INV; WS)
The document accepted by the manufacturer
The related CMM
@@All of these answers are correct.

After the Final test is completed, the Test result sheet (if any) must be (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
@@Attached to the Worksheet with mutual cross-references.
Attached to Authorized Release Certificate.
Attached to Finding/ Repair report.

All components which are removed from the component/ NHA must be attached with: (INV; PP; CMP; WS; NDT/BSI)
Status Monitoring Tag
@@Identification Tag
Status Monitoring Tag, Identification Tag and Unserviceable Tag

Additional work must be recorded in: (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
@@Component Maintenance Worksheet (VAECO Form 7032)
Work Request (VAECO Form 7014)
Finding/ Repair report (VAECO Form 7033)

If the work is stopped/ delayed due to any reason, the date, time and situation should be specified in the: (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
@@Identification tag
Component Maintenance Worksheet
Finding/ Repair report.

Before transfer a job to another workshop: (INV; PP; MP; CMP; WS; NDT/BSI)
The component RTS staff shall confirm the capability of related shop to perform the work.
Work Transit Sheet shall be raised.
@@The component RTS staff shall confirm the capability of related shop to perform the work and Work Transit Sheet is raised.

Which form is used to transfer a component to another shop? (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
Work Handover Sheet
@@Work Transit Sheet
Work Delivery/Receiving Sheet

Before transfer a job from a workshop to another workshop, if there is any problem related to the capability of the related workshop, Technical Assistance Request (VAECO Form 3015) is sent to: (INV; WS)
The Engineering Department (EGD) for support.
@@The Quality Assurance Department for support.
The Technical Division of the related CIMC for support.

The expiry date of a safety equipment installed on VNA aircraft is based on (AUD; INV; WS)
CMM
AMS
@@CMM and AMS (refer to List of Aircraft Component Required Maintenance), whichever is the stricter.

How to determine the detailed capability of a workshop? (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
Refer to the MOE
Refer to the Capability List and the related CMM
@@Refer to the Capability List

After the maintenance/ repair work is completed, the component is sent to: (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
Logistics Center.
The maintenance center who requests the work.
@@Logistics Center or the maintenance center who requests the work (repair requester).

During component maintenance, all damages found shall be recorded into (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
Non-routine card
@@Finding/ Repair report (Form 7033) and A/C Component Maintenance Worksheet (Form 7032)
Work Request

Work Transit Sheet (VAECO Form 7031) is used to transfer: (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
a work from one Maintenance Center to another maintenance center.
@@a work arise during component maintenance from maintenance workshop to other one (of the same maintenance center or other maintenance center) .
a work from one Maintenance Center to another maintenance center and an internal work within a  CIMC

Which following answer is correct? (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
VAECO Form 0020 is used to record the first step of transfer work.
The reference number of transit form shall be recorded on the work sheet for traceability.
@@All of these answers are correct.

What to do if a component of the customer is not economical for repair? (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
@@Inform to the customer for disposition.
Move it to the Logistics Center for discard
The related CIMC is authorized to discard it.

Which certificate/document must be attached to the component after repair? (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
The original of Airworthiness Approval Tag (CAAV Form 1, FAA 8130-3)
@@The original of Airworthiness Approval Tag and Finding/ Repair report (VAECO Form 7033)
The original of Airworthiness Approval Tag and the copy of the Component Maintenance Worksheet (VAECO Form 7032) and Finding/ Repair report (VAECO Form 7033)

To transfer a work from a base maintenance center to CIMC, you must use: (INV; PP; MP; CMP; WS; NDT/BSI; ACR; C)
Work Transit Sheet (VAECO Form 7031)
Job Card Attaching Sheet (VAECO Form 6007)
@@Work Transit Sheet (VAECO Form 7031) or Job Card Attaching Sheet (VAECO Form 6007) depending on each specific case.

The preliminary inspection shall be carried out: (INV; PP; WS; NDT/BSI; A; B; C; ACR; STR; WD; CAB/IFE)
@@Before the maintenance work is performed.
After the maintenance work is completed.
During the maintenance.

The preliminary inspection of aircraft component shall be carried out by: (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
Quality control staff.
@@Component RTS staff.
Qualified mechanic.

During preliminary inspection, if the defect of the component is un-repairable the article is returned to the repair requester with (AUD; INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
@@Unserviceable Tag and Finding/ Repair Report.
Condemned Part Tag and Finding/ Repair Report.
Finding/ Repair Report.

Choose the correct statement (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
The test result must be always recorded in the worksheet.
The test result must be print out or written in a separated form.
@@The test result must be recorded in  the worksheet or print out/ written in a separated form and attached to the worksheet with mutual cross-references.

Aircraft component maintenance  (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
Can be carried out at CAAV approved contractors.
Can be carried out at CAAV non-approved contractors if the maintenance function is within the CAAV approved rating.
@@All of these answers are correct.

What certificate required after fabrication of aircraft part? (AUD; INV; WS)
@@Certificate of Conformity (COC).
Certificate of release to service (CRS).
Certificate of Maintenance Review (CMR)

The fabricated parts that are rejected during the inspection because of fail to compliance to the required specifications shall be attached with (AUD; INV; WS; SI)
Unserviceable Tag (VAECO Form 0005)
@@Condemned Part Tag (VAECO Form 0009)
Identification tag (VAECO Form 0020)

Spare parts and materials in the workshop shall be always accompanied with (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
Serviceable tag (VAECO Form 0005)
Consumable release tag (VAECO Form 0008)
@@Serviceable tag (VAECO Form 0005) or Consumable release tag (VAECO Form 0008)

For the small details such as  nuts, bolts removed: (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
It is allowed to group several items of some components/ NHAs and put them into a nylon bag or put on a tray/basket and tag with one Identification tag.
@@It is allowed to group several items of each component/ NHA and put them into a nylon bag or put on a tray/basket and tag with one Identification tag.
It is not allowed to group several items in one bag.

For components/ parts released in batch (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
Issue a Airworthiness Approval Tag  for each component/ part in the batch.
Issue a Airworthiness Approval Tag  for the batch.
@@Issue a Airworthiness Approval Tag for the batch and make a Serial Number List if necessary

Using condemned part for legitimate non-flight uses: The following methods should be used to prevent misrepresentation: (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
PERMANENTLY and CLEARLY by carving, sculpturing or chiseling the part, subparts as “NOT FOR AVIATION USE” and “NOT SERVICEABLE.”
Removing part number identification. Removing identification plate and marking.
@@PERMANENTLY and CLEARLY by carving, sculpturing or chiseling the part, subparts as “NOT FOR AVIATION USE” and “NOT SERVICEABLE.” and Removing part number identification. Removing identification plate and marking

Borrowed tools/equipment: (INV; PP; WS; NDT/BSI; A; B; ACR; CAB/IFE)
@@must be returned to Tool store before completion of each working shift. T&E borrowed from Tool store for long time usage (more than one working shift) must be registered with Tool store keeper.
must be returned to Tool store before completion of each working shift. T&E borrowed from Tool store for long time usage (more than 3 days) must be registered with Tool store keeper.
must be always returned to Tool store before completion of each working shift.

The Maintenance Centers (INV; PP; WS; NDT/BSI)
may not issue/  print-out documents to use in its divisions/ workshops
may only use the documents on the electronic technical library
@@may issue/ print-out documents to use in its divisions/ workshops but the printed-out documents shall be controlled by the Technical Division of respective Maintenance Centers

The current status of all documents issued by the Technical Division is specified in: (INV; PP; WS; NDT/BSI)
@@Current Document and Technical Data List (VAECO Form 7055)
Document master list (VAECO Form 3014)
The Technical Division may not issue documents

While copying/ transcribing maintenance data in to Maintenance Worksheet, composer must ensure the following: (INV; WS; NDT/BSI)
Maintenance document is written in English. Name, revision of maintenance data is recorded in the maintenance document.
Maintenance document has precise reference to particular maintenance task or is transcribed accurately from approved maintenance data.
@@All of these answers are correct.

Before issuing, the following maintenance documents must be approved by an authorized person: (INV; MP; PP; CMP; EE; WS; NDT/BSI)
Engineering Order, Structure Repair Order, Component Maintenance Worksheet.
Engineering Order, Technical Instruction, Component Maintenance Worksheet.
@@Engineering Order, Technical Instruction, Structure Repair Order, Component Maintenance Worksheet.

Who will re-certify for the serviceable item robbed from unserviceable/ serviceable assembly in CIMC workshop? (B; C; QC; ACR; INV; CMP; PP; MP; WS; STR; WD; CAB)
CIMC Repair staff.
@@CIMC component certifying staff.
B1/ B2 certifying staff.

Categories of the certifying staffs: (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; WS; NDT)
Certifying staffs category A, B1, B2, C, Aviation Repair Specialist staffs (ARS), NDT staffs, Part and material incoming inspection staffs.
@@Certifying staffs category A, B1, B2, C, Component Certifying Staff and NDT Certifying staff.
Aircraft inspection personnel, Component authorized staff, Specialized inspection personnel, Maintenance sign-off staff.

What is prerequisite requirement of maintenance experience for Category A authorized staff (for first type aircraft)? (AUD; INV; A; B; C)
Being trained basic training course at an approved training organization and having minimum of 1 year practical maintenance experience with at least 04 months recent experience on relevant aircraft.
@@Being trained basic training course at an approved training organization and having minimum of 1 year practical maintenance experience with at least 6 months recent experience on relevant aircraft.
Being trained basic training course at an approved training organization and having minimum of 9 months practical maintenance experience with at least 04 months recent experience on relevant aircraft.

What is prerequisite requirement of maintenance experience for Category B1/B2 authorized staff (for first type aircraft) (INV; B; C)
@@Being trained basic training course at an approved training organization and having minimum of 2 years practical maintenance experience
Being trained basic training course at an approved training organization and having minimum of 2 years practical maintenance experience with at least 18 months recent experience on relevant aircraft
Being trained basic training course at an approved training organization and having minimum of 1 year practical maintenance experience with at least 04 months recent experience on relevant aircraft

What is prerequisite requirement of maintenance experience for Category C authorized staff  if applicant holding cat B1/B2 authorization (for first type aircraft)  (INV; B; C)
@@Having minimum of 03 years experience of exercising cat B1 or B2 privileges including 06 months supporting cat C authorized staff in Base maintenance
Three years of experience working in a civil aircraft maintenance environment on a representative selection of tasks directly associated with aircraft maintenance including 06 months of observation of base maintenance task.
Having minimum of 05 years experience of B1/B2 support staff in EASA Part-145/ FAR145/ VAR5 organization.

What is prerequisite requirement of maintenance experience for Component inspection and return to service staff? (INV; C; WS)
@@Being trained in relative component maintenance and having minimum of 12 months experience at correlative level (if applicable) in respective or equivalent component maintenance, or having 18 months working experience in respective or equivalent component maintenance.
Having 2 years experience in aircraft structure repair with at least 01 month experience on structure repair of respective aircraft.
Having 02 years experience in A/C or component maintenance environment with at least 1 year in respective component maintenance.

What is prerequisite requirement of maintenance experience for Cabin repair staff? (INV; CMP; C; Cabin Repair)
@@Being trained in cabin maintenance and having minimum 12 months experience on cabin maintenance.
Having recent 1 year experience in IFE maintenance.
Having recent 1 year experience in Aircraft maintenance.

What is prerequisite requirement of maintenance experience for A/C Repair staff  (INV; C; ACR)
Having minimum of 1 years practical maintenance experience with at least 04 months recent experience on relevant aircraft.
Having minimum of 1 years practical maintenance experience with at least 06 months recent experience on relevant aircraft
@@Having minimum of 2 year practical maintenance experience

What are the privileges and limitations of NDT certifying staff? (AUD; INV; PP; MP; CMP; C; NDT/BSI)
@@The NDT certifying staff is permitted to issue authorized release certificate for Non-destruction Tests according to the procedures and the requirements specified in VAECO NDT Procedures and Instruction.
The inspection personnel shall perform NDT inspections according to the procedures and the requirements of SRM manual
The inspection personnel shall perform NDT inspections according to the procedures and the requirements of AMM manual.

What  are the privileges and limitations of  Borescope Inspection staff? (AUD; INV; PP; MP; C; BSI)
@@Perform and sign-off for borescope inspection tasks on respective ENG/APU IAW applicable maintenance data (except removal/ installation of panel/ access ports; performance of safety precautions; deactivation/ activation of Thrust Reverser).
Perform and sign-off for borescope inspection tasks IAW applicable maintenance data.
The Inspection personnel shall perform borescope inspection of the engine types they had been not trained and not authorized.

What  are the privileges and limitations of  Component certifying staff? (AUD; INV; MP; WS)
@@Within the endorsed Scope of authorization, is permitted to perform, inspect and return to service for component maintenances IAW applicable maintenance data.
Perform component repair of the component they had been trained and not authorized
Perform component inspections of the component they had been not authorized.

What are the privileges and limitations of  Structure repair staff Level 1? (AUD; INV; PP; MP; QC Inspector; C; STR)
Within the endorsed Scope of authorization on aircraft make and model, is permitted to perform, inspect and return to service for structural repairs after maintained I.A.W. applicable aircraft maintenance data
@@Perform and sign-off for all A/C structure repair works (Metallic and/ or Composite) IAW the already existing repair solution extracted from maintenance data
Within the endorsed Scope of authorization on aircraft is permitted to inspect and/or sign-off for structural repairs after maintained I.A.W. applicable aircraft maintenance data.

What  are the privileges and limitations of  Structure repair staff Level 2? (AUD; INV; PP; MP; QC Inspector; C; STR)
Within the endorsed Scope of authorization on aircraft make and model, is permitted to perform, inspect and return to service for structural repairs after maintained I.A.W. applicable aircraft maintenance data
@@Perform, inspect, issue SDR and sign-off for structure works (Metallic and/ or Composite) IAW maintenance data, issue repair solution for minor repair IAW standard practice procedure
Within the endorsed Scope of authorization on aircraft is permitted to inspect and/or sign-off for structural repairs after maintained I.A.W. applicable aircraft maintenance data.

What  are the privileges and limitations of  Structure repair staff Level 3? (AUD; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP; C; STR)
Within the endorsed Scope of authorization on aircraft make and model, is permitted to perform, inspect and return to service for structural repairs after maintained I.A.W. applicable aircraft maintenance data
@@Perform, inspect, issue SDR and sign-off for structure works (Metallic and/ or Composite) and issue repair solution for structure repair  IAW maintenance data
Within the endorsed Scope of authorization on aircraft is permitted to inspect and/or sign-off for structural repairs after maintained I.A.W. applicable aircraft maintenance data.

What are the privileges and limitations of  Cabin repair staff level 1? (AUD; INV; PP; QC Inspector; MP;  CAB)
@@Within the endorsed Scope of authorization, is permitted to perform and sign-off for maintenance works of cabin items as listed in SOP 10.10.4.5.1 IAW applicable maintenance data.
Within the endorsed Scope of authorization, is not permitted to inspect and/or sign-off for cabin after maintained I.A.W. applicable aircraft maintenance data
With the endorsed Scope of authorization, is permitted to inspect for cabin after maintained I.A.W. applicable aircraft maintenance data (AMM, TSM/ FIM...).

What are the privileges and limitations of  IFE repair staff level 1? (AUD; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP; IFE Repair)
@@Inspection, replacement of IFE components, update new content for all IFE systems; Fault confirmation, isolation, rectification of IFE components fitted on PAX seats and Overhead.
Inspection, replacement of IFE components, update new content for all IFE systems; Fault confirmation, isolation and rectification of IFE components fitted on PAX seats, Overhead, HEADEND Controller; update, re-installation of software on server computer
Within the endorsed Scope of authorization on IFE system make and model, is not permitted to inspect and/or sign-off for IFE after maintained I.A.W. applicable aircraft maintenance data.

What  are the privileges and limitations of  IFE repair staff level 2? (AUD; INV; QC Inspector; PP; MP; IFE Repair)
Inspection, replacement of IFE components, update new content for all IFE systems; Fault confirmation, isolation, rectification of IFE components fitted on PAX seats and Overhead.
@@Inspection, replacement of IFE components, update new content for all IFE systems; Fault confirmation, isolation and rectification of IFE components fitted on PAX seats, Overhead, HEADEND Controller; update, re-installation of software on server computer.
Within the endorsed Scope of authorization on IFE system make and model, is not permitted to inspect and/or sign-off for IFE after maintained I.A.W. applicable aircraft maintenance data.

What  are the privileges and limitations of  painting staff? (AUD; INV; QC Inspector; MP; C; Paint)
Perform and return to service for painting works on components as listed in Capability List IAW the already existing painting solution extracted from maintenance data.
@@Perform and sign-off for all A/C painting works IAW the already existing painting solution extracted from maintenance data.
Perform and return to service for painting works on components as listed in Capability List IAW the already existing painting solution extracted from maintenance data and Perform and sign-off for all A/C painting works IAW the already existing painting solution extracted from maintenance data.

What are the privileges and limitations of ME 128/567/34 repair staff? (AUD; INV; C; ACR; B; PP)
ME 128/567/34 Repair categories are permitted on related zones to perform, sign-off, supervise the mechanical maintenance works including electrical, avionic maintenance works, which requires only simple tests to prove their serviceability and not requiring troubleshooting. Beside of this, ME 128/567/34 Repair categories are permitted to  remove/ install access panels (excluding fuel tanks access panels,vertical stabilizer leading edge, emergency exit door linings); to  inspect, replacement of markings, labels, decals and placards.
ME 128/567/34 Repair categories are permitted on related zones to perform and sign-off the mechanical maintenance works including electrical, avionic maintenance works, which requires only simple tests to prove their serviceability and not requiring troubleshooting.
@@ME 128/567/34 Repair categories are permitted on related zones to perform and sign-off the mechanical maintenance works including electrical, avionic maintenance works, which requires only simple tests to prove their serviceability and not requiring troubleshooting. Beside of this, ME 128/567/34 Repair categories are permitted to  remove/ install access panels (excluding fuel tanks access panels,vertical stabilizer leading edge, emergency exit door linings); to  inspect, replacement of markings, labels, decals and placards.

What are the privileges and limitations of E&A repair staff? (AUD; INV; PP; QC Inspector; C; ACR; B)
E&A repair category is permitted on related zones to perform, sign-off the mechanical maintenance works including electrical, avionic maintenance works, which requires only simple tests to prove their serviceability and not requiring troubleshooting. Beside of this, E&A repair category is permitted to  remove/ install access panels (excluding fuel tanks access panels,vertical stabilizer leading edge, emergency exit door linings); to  inspect, replacement of markings, labels, decals and placards.
E&A repair category is permitted on related zones to perform and sign-off the mechanical maintenance works including electrical, avionic maintenance works, which requires only simple tests to prove their serviceability and not requiring troubleshooting.
@@E&A repair category is permitted on related zones, to perform and sign-off the maintenance works performed on avionic and electrical systems and electrical and avionics tasks within power plant and mechanical systems, requiring only simple tests to prove their serviceability. Beside of this, E&A repair category is permitted to  remove/ install access panels (excluding fuel tanks access panels,vertical stabilizer leading edge, emergency exit door linings); to  inspect, replacement of markings, labels, decals and placards.

What is the requirement for temporary authorization (dispensation)? (INV; A; B; C)
@@The candidate holding valid maintenance license with appropriate category and type/rating for defect(s) rectification or deferment, issued or recognized by the competent authority.
The candidate have minimum of 03 years maintenance experience and holding a valid maintenance rated for aircraft type requiring certification issued or recognized by CAAV, the defect(s) have been confirmed, work order and detail maintenance instruction have been handled to the candidate
The candidate have minimum of 04 years maintenance experience and holding a valid maintenance rated for aircraft type requiring certification issued or recognized by CAAV, the defect(s) have been confirmed, work order and detail maintenance instruction have been handled to the candidate.

For how long the auditor certificate shall be valid? (AUD)
@@An Auditor Certificate shall be valid for 05 years
An Auditor Certificate shall be valid for 18 months
An Auditor Certificate shall be valid for 12 months

For how long the auditor records shall be kept after expiration of an Auditor Authorization? (AUD)
@@Auditor records shall be kept on file for 36 months.
Auditor records shall be kept on file for 18 months.
Auditor records shall be kept on file for 01 years.

List of aircraft maintenance inspection types that classified according to type of the maintenance: (INV; B; C; ACR)
@@Major repair and Major alteration; Required inspection items (RII); Hidden damage inspection.
Major repair and Major alteration; Required inspection items (RII); Preliminary inspection
Major repair and Major alteration; Final inspection; Preliminary inspection.
SOP 4.1.5

List of aircraft maintenance inspection types that classified according to phases of inspections: (INV; A; B; C; ACR)
@@Preliminary inspection; In-progress inspection; Final inspection.
Major repair and Major alteration; Required inspection items (RII); Hidden damage inspection.
Major repair and Major alteration; Required inspection items (RII); In-progress inspection.

Who is responsible for confirming that the component/ part meets all requirements before issuing re-certified certificate for a component removed from the aircraft? (AUD; INV; PP; A; B; C; ACR)
@@The authorized staff
Mechanic
Part and Material Incoming Inspection staff

Who is responsible to provide requisition for fabrication replacement parts on paper format and contain or refer data accepted by competent Authority. (INV; C; WS)
@@Customer
Operator
VAECO

Who is responsible for receiving customer requisition of fabricating parts and order related department for the fabrication. (INV; C; WS)
@@Director of Business Planning Department (BPD)
SQD Department
Engineering Department (EGD)

Who is responsible for establishing Fabrication Quality Control System (FSQS) to ensure all parts are fabricated conforms to its design data and is in a safe condition for operation (AUD; INV; C)
@@Director of SQD
QC manager
Engineering Department Director

Who does the evaluation of VAECO fabrication capability when the part is not listed in VAECO Fabrication part list (INV; C)
@@EGD
BPD
LGC

Who shall issue the Fabrication Worksheet, in case customer’s work instruction and procedure is not available? (AUD; INV; C)
@@TD of responsible maintenance center
MCC
Engineering Department (EGD)

The fabricated parts that are rejected during the inspection shall be attached with (ALL)
@@Condemned Part Tag
Warning Tag
Unserviceable Tag

Who is responsible to initially report all mandatory occurrence, malfunction and defects to the SQD and MC(AUD; INV; PP; CMP; A; B; C; QM; WS)
@@The TD Manager of related Maintenance Center
The MCC
The SQD

Who is responsible to report mandatory occurrence, malfunction and defects to Air Carrier/ Operator (as required by the contract) and SQD. (ALL)
@@MCC Director
The BPD Director
The Engineering Department (EGD) Director

Who is responsible for investigating to find out the root cause of all mandatory occurrence, malfunction and defects; summarizing and reporting to the Authorities, the Manufacturer and the Air carrier/operator. (ALL)
@@SQD Director
QC Manager
MCC Director

For how long since the event occurring shall SQD send the report of Occurrences, defects or malfunctions to CAAV for CAAV registered aircraft? (AUD; INV; PP; CMP; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
@@Within 72 hours
Within 48 hours
Within 96 hours

For how long since the failure, malfunction or defect discovered is Defect Report submitted to FAA office since the failure, malfunction or defect discovered for US registered aircraft (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
@@Within 96 hours
Within 72 hours
Within 48 hours

Who maintains records of all MORs submitted to the authorities? (AUD; INV; PP; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
@@SQD
MCC
Engineering Department (EGD)

For how long since the occurrence date, records of all reports submitted to the authorities shall be maintained? (AUD; INV; C)
@@For at least 5 years
For at least 2 years
For at least 3 years

Who is responsible to notify the suspected unapproved parts to SQD Dept? (AUD; INV; PP; CMP; MP; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
@@Every VAECO employee
Logistic Center employee only
Maintenance staff only

Who is responsible for reporting the Suspected Unapproved Parts (SUP) to the FAA, EASA, CAAV and the customer? (AUD; INV; C; SI)
Director of the Logistics Center
Director of the Engineering Department (EGD)
@@Director of the Quality Assurance Department

Who is responsible for investigation of maintenance event/ occurrence and base on that to specify remedial or preventive actions? (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
@@SQD Director.
Base Maintenance Centre Director.
Line Maintenance Centre Director.

Who is responsible for providing clearly, timely information of occurrences to SQD Department, supporting SQD Department for occurrence investigation and performing necessary remedial actions and preventive actions? (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
@@SAG Team leader of maintenance centers/ departments.
CRS staff only.
All VAECO’ staffs.

The leader of investigation team (SAG) should issue Investigation report (VAECO Form 2055) and send to SQD Dept: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
within 24h from the time of occurrence
within 12h from the time of occurrence
@@within 48h from the time of occurrence

Since the closed date of the maintenance event/ occurrence, record of investigations should be archived in SQD/ SAG Group at least (AUD; INV; C)
2 years
3 years
@@5 years

What is scope of Quality Notice (QN) applied for? (AUD; INV; PP; CMP; MP; EE; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
@@All personnel in maintenance and quality systems of VAECO
All VAECO’ staffs
Certifying staff & Qualified Mechanic.

QN system is monitored in: (INV; PP; MP; CMP; EE; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
@@VAECO’s website.
SQD department
MCC

Who is responsible for establishing and monitoring Quality Audit Schedule? (AUD; INV)
@@SQD Director
QC manager
CEO

Audit plan is established by Audit division: (AUD)
@@Annually
Bi-yearly
Monthly

Quality audit plan shall include: (AUD)
@@Procedure audit and Product audit
Procedure audit
Product audit

Audit Schedule could be adjusted and: (AUD)
it must be approved by General Director
@@it must be reviewed by SQD Director and approved by President & CEO
it must NOT be approved by any one

Audit Notice shall be sent by audit Team Leader to Director of the related Departments/ Center (AUD)
@@at least 5 days before an internal audit and 10 days before a Contractors/ Suppliers audit.
at least 3 days before an internal audit and 5 days before a Contractors/ Suppliers audit.
at least 5 days before an internal audit and 7 days before a Contractors/ Suppliers audit

Who shall conduct an opening meeting? (AUD)
@@Audit team Leader
Any member of audit team
Representative of auditee

Who is responsible for supplier evaluation, approval and control? (AUD; INV; C; SI)
@@SQD Director
QC manager
LG Director.

Who are responsible for conducting the self-evaluations for the Maintenance Centers under their management (AUD; INV; C; EE)
@@The appropriate Directors
The SQD Director
The VAECO Director

Where are Ratings and Capabilities of VAECO identified in? (AUD; INV; EE; A; B; C; QM; WS, NDT)
The VAECO Capability List.
The VAECO AMO Operations Specifications.
@@The VAECO AMO Operations Specification, Capability List and the MOE.

For revising maintenance capabilities which may change the approved FAA Repair Station ratings, who will submit an application (FAA Form 8310-3) to the FAA? (AUD; EE)
@@The Quality Assurance Director
The VAECO CEO
Maintenance Center Directors.

The activities that deviate from VAECO procedures can only be carried out: (AUD; INV; C)
@@When concession is approved by SQD director.
Before concession is approved by SQD director.
Without approval from SQD director.

Who is responsible for concession approval when found that the intended deviation activity is still conforming to applicable regulations. (AUD; INV; C)
@@Quality Assurance Director.
Maintenance center directors.
VAECO director.

Who controls the deadline of the concession and follows up the implementing process of accompanied condition (AUD; INV; C)
@@SQD Department
Implementing Departments
Maintenance Centers

Who is responsible for continuously monitoring all respects of maintenance that conducting by VAECO? (INV; C)
@@SQD department
Maintenance Centers
No-one

The non-conformities and problems found by QC division will be reported to SQD director and informed to SQD division for procedure revision if necessary (INV; C)
@@Weekly
Monthly
Daily

All documents related to concession approval and control process shall be kept at SQD (AUD; INV; C)
@@At least 2 years since approval date
At least 3 years since approval date
At least 5 years since approval date

The Non-conformity and Remedial Action Reports shall be archived at QC division (INV; C)
@@at least 3 years
at least 12 months
at least 2 years

Are Cat A CRS staffs allowed to inspect and sign off jobs which were carried out by other staff? (A; AUD; INV; QC Inspector)
@@No.
Yes, if these jobs are included in Cat A certification privileges (A1 to A18).
Yes

Cat A CRS staffs are allowed to perform and sign off the following jobs: (A; INV; PP; QC Inspector)
Replacement of internal & external lights, including ballast unit of cabin normal lighting system, all toilet components.
Replacement of internal & external lights, excluding ballast unit of cabin normal lighting system, all toilet components excluding gate valves.
@@Replacement of internal & external lights, including ballast unit of cabin normal lighting system, all toilet components excluding gate valves.

Upon finding parts suspected as being unapproved that are installed on customer aircraft and listed in the customer’s approved Minimum Equipment List (MEL) authorization or Configuration Deviation List (CDL)? (A; B; C; ACR; CAB; IFE; QC Inspector)
@@These parts must be considered inoperative and deferred IAW applicable MEL/CDL.
These parts can still be considered operative if they are satisfactory checked IAW AMM.
These parts can still be considered operative if they are satisfactory checked IAW AMM and must be replaced after 2 flight cycle/10 flight hour, whichever comes first.

Which of the following is the characteristic of a simple test: (B; ACR; INV; QC Inspector)
@@The serviceability of the system can be verified using aircraft controls, switches, Built-in Test Equipment (BITE), Central Maintenance Computer (CMC) or external test equipment not involving special training.
The test does not involve more than 10 actions as described in the approved maintenance data.
The test does not involve more than 15 actions as described in the approved maintenance data.

When performing the maintenance jobs such as landing gear change, gear swing, the jacks being used on the aircraft must be: (B; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; EE)
@@Static electricity grounded.
Not static electricity grounded.
No specific requirement.

The aircraft is using external electrical power equipment, when electrical power is no longer needed, maintenance staff must: (B; ACR; INV; QC Inspector)
@@Turn of the power switch of the aircraft before cut off external electrical power.
Cut off external electrical power before turn of the power switch of the aircraft.
All of these answers are acceptable.

The sealant scrapers being used in aircraft fuel tanks must be: (B; ACR; INV; QC Inspector)
Metallic or hard-wooden product.
@@Non-Metallic Product.
Plastic or hard-wooden product.

Foreign Object Damage (FOD) is any damage attributed to a foreign object which can be expressed in physical or economic (monetary) terms and: (A; B; ACR; C; CAB; IFE; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; INV; QC Inspector)
May degrade aircraft safety and/or performance characteristics.
May not degrade aircraft safety and/or performance characteristics.
@@May or may not degrade aircraft safety and/or performance characteristics.

Can aircraft be refueled/defueled in hangar? (B; ACR; AUD; INV; PP; QC Inspector)
Yes.
@@No.
Yes, with hangar manager’s permission.

Waste bin that is labeled (Class 3 AGS) is suitable for which of the following items: (A; B; ACR; CAB; IFE; STR; WD; AUD; INV; QC Inspector)
Discarded oil, fuel.
@@Discarded nut, bolt, and washer.
Discarded sheet metal.

What is simple test? (B; ACR; INV; QC Inspector)
The outcome of the test is a unique GO – NO GO indication or parameter, which can be a single value or a value within an interval tolerance
The serviceability of the system can be verified using aircraft controls, switches, Built-in Test Equipment (BITE), Central Maintenance Computer (CMC) or external test equipment not involving special training
@@All of these answers are correct.

What task below is considered simple task? (B; ACR; INV; QC Inspector)
Task includes adjustment and/or rigging steps.
Detail visual inspection.
@@General visual inspection

What is the priviledge of Structure repair staff level 3? (STR; WD; INV; QC Inspector)
Perform, inspect, issue SDR and sign-off for structure works (Metallic and/ or Composite) IAW maintenance data, issue repair solution for minor repair IAW standard practice procedure.
@@Perform, inspect, issue SDR and sign-off for structure work (Metallic and/ or Composite) and issue repair solution for structure repair IAW maintenance data.
Perform and sign-off for all A/C structure repair works (Metallic and/ or Composite) IAW the already existing repair solution extracted from maintenance data.

What is the priviledge of Aircraft Repair Staff- ME 128/567/34 ? (ACR; INV; PP; QC Inspector; C; B)
ME 128/567/34 repair categories license permits the holder, on related zones, to  perform, sign-off the mechanical maintenance works including electrical, avionic maintenance works, which requires only simple tests to prove their serviceability and not requiring troubleshooting.
ME 128/567/34 repair categories license permits the holder, on related zones, to perform, sign-off the mechanical maintenance works including electrical, avionic maintenance works, which requires only simple tests to prove their serviceability.
@@ME 128/567/34 Repair categories are permitted on related zones to perform and sign-off the mechanical maintenance works including electrical, avionic maintenance works, which requires only simple tests to prove their serviceability and not requiring troubleshooting. Beside of this, ME 128/567/34 Repair categories are permitted to  remove/ install access panels (excluding fuel tanks access panels,vertical stabilizer leading edge, emergency exit door linings); to  inspect, replacement of markings, labels, decals and placards.

What documents can be used by VAECO to recertify the component removed from aircraft or aircraft component? (B; C; ACR; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE; WS)
VAECO Form 5001; CAAV Form 1.
@@VAECO Form 5001; CAAV Form 1; FAA 8130-3.
VAECO Form 5001; CAAV Form 1; FAA 8130-3, EASA form 1.

For customer which VAECO does not retain control of the compliance with continuous airworthiness maintenance program, can MCC issue WO to recertify the component removed from aircraft or aircraft component? (INV; QC Inspector)
No, MCC can only issue WO to recertify recertify the component removed from aircraft or aircraft component which VAECO retain control of the compliance with continuous airworthiness maintenance program.
Yes, MCC can issue in accordance with SO from Business Planning Department (BPD)
@@Yes, Business Planning Department (BPD) shall require Customer/ Operator to make statement of airworthiness status of the component in Confirmation Of Component Status Form (VAECO Form 1008) and provide it for MCC to issue WO.

Who is responsible for ensuring that all the contractors/ subcontractor are properly evaluated and approved before the maintenance, preventive maintenance, repair and special service being performed by the contractor? (AUD; INV)
MCC
@@SQD
Business Planning Department (BPD)

QN may be issued base on the following events: (INV; QC Inspector)
Change of regulations, maintenance procedures, quality procedures, VAECO policies;
The result of incident investigation;
@@All of these answers are correct.

Can Cat B CRS holder perform and RTS jobs that belongs to Cat A CRS holder? (A; B1; B2; INV; PP; QC Inspector)
Yes, in all cases.
@@Only CRS B1 holder and CRS B2 holder who was certified as A CRS holder.
Only CRS B2 holder and CRS B1 holder who was certified as A CRS holder.

When a job must be transferred to workshop, the maintenance staff must: (B; ACR; CAB; INV; PP; QC Inspector)
Raise a Non-routine card continuation form.
@@Raise a Job card attaching sheet.
Raise a Technical assistance request.

What type of re-certify certificate can be issued by VAECO? (B; C; ACR; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE)
@@CAAV Form 1, VAECO Form 5001, FAA Form 8130-3.
CAAV Form 1, VAECO Form 5001, EASA Form 1.
CAAV Form 1, VAECO Form 5001, FAA Form 8130-3, EASA Form 1.

What type of re-certify certificate can be issued by VAECO? (B; C; ACR; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE)
@@VAECO Form 5001, CAAV Form 1, SSCA Form 1 or FAA 8130-3 (only applicable on U.S registered aircraft).
CAAV Form 1, VAECO Form 5001, EASA Form 1.
CAAV Form 1, VAECO Form 5001, FAA Form 8130-3, EASA Form 1.

Recertifying part can be done in which circumstance? (B; C; ACR; AUD; INV; MP; PP; CMP; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE)
@@Serviceable part removed from an aircraft or an a/c component, or unserviceable part removed from an aircraft and repaired at VAECO.
Serviceable part removed from an aircraft or an a/c component, or unserviceable part removed from an aircraft and repaired at VAECO’s approved contractor.
Serviceable part removed from an aircraft or an a/c component, or unserviceable part removed from an aircraft and repaired at VAECO’s approved subcontractor.

Can a ME128/34/567/E&A Repair staff certify the work of other Cat B CRS holder? (ACR; B; C; INV; PP; QC Inspector)
No.
Yes, but only ME128/34/567 Repair staff can certify the work of Cat B1 holder, and only E&A Repair staff can certify the work of Cat B1 holder.
@@Yes, provided that work is within the limits of tasks specifically endorsed on the Repair staff’s certification authorization issued by VAECO.

Maintenance error and violation can be defined as: (A; B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; IFE; CAB; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; SI; MAP; PT; WS; EE)
@@A maintenance error is a human action (or human behavior) that unintentionally deviates from the expected action (or behavior) while a violation is a human action (or human behavior) that intentionally deviates from the expected action (or behavior).
A violation is a human action (or human behavior) that unintentionally deviates from the expected action (or behavior) while a maintenance error is a human action (or human behavior) that intentionally deviates from the expected action (or behavior).
A maintenance error is a human action (or human behavior) that intentionally deviates from the expected action (or behavior) while a violation is a human action (or human behavior) that unintentionally deviates from the expected action (or behavior).

Disciplinary action (punishment) of a staff after he/she committed an error/violation are an exception unless: (A; B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; IFE; CAB; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; SI; MAP; PT; WS; EE)
Premeditated or intentional acts of damage to equipment or property.
Failure to report incidents/accidents as required.
@@All of these answers are correct.

Categories of authorized staff include (A; B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; IFE; CAB; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; SI; Pawinting; WS):
Category A, B1, B2 and C
Category A, B1, B2, C, Component and NDT
@@Certifying staff, Qualified Mechanics, Inspection personnel

Line maintenance means any maintenance that is carried out before flight to ensure that the aircraft is fit for the intended flight and includes but not limited to: (A; B; INV; QC Inspector)
@@Scheduled maintenance and/or checks including visual inspections that will detect obvious unsatisfactory conditions/discrepancies but do not require extensive in depth inspection
Scheduled maintenance and/or checks including visual inspections that will detect obvious unsatisfactory conditions/discrepancies and require extensive in depth inspection
Major repairs and modifications which do not require extensive disassembly

Are all Structure repair staffs permitted to return to service for maintenance of Composite and/ or Metallic components as listed in Capability List. (INV; QC Inspector; STR)
Yes
No, just Structure repair staffs Level 2 or 3 are permitted to return to service
@@No, just Structure repair staffs 3 are permitted to return to service

What are the privileges and limitations of NDT certifying staff? (AUD; INV; QC Inspector; NDT)
@@The NDT certifying staff is permitted to issue authorized release certificate for Non-destruction Tests according to the procedures and the requirements specified in VAECO NDT Procedures and Instruction and may supervise others for maintenance certification purposes.
The inspection personnel shall perform NDT inspections according to the procedures and the requirements of SRM manual
The inspection personnel shall perform NDT inspections according to the procedures and the requirements of AMM manual.

Categories of component certifying staff include: (INV; CMP; QC Inspector; WS)
Cabin, Mechanical, Electrical, Structures component staffs and NDT certifying staff
@@Cabin, Mechanical, Structures component staffs
Cabin, Mechanical, Electrical, Structures component staffs, painting staff and NDT certifying staff

What are the privileges and responsibilities of A/C repair specialist? (INV; ACR; BSI; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; Painting)
Permit the holder to perform, sign-off, release to service and supervise the maintenance within the limits of tasks specifically endorsed on the certification authorization
@@Permit the holder to perform, sign-off the maintenance work within the limits of authorization specifically endorsed on the certification authorization issued by VAECO.
Permit the holder to perform, sign-off but not supervise the maintenance within the limits of tasks specifically endorsed on the certification authorization

What are the privileges and responsibilities of Cabin repair staff level 2: (INV; CMP; QC Inspector; CAB)
Perform and sign-off for cabin maintenance within the limits of tasks specifically endorsed on the certification authorization
@@Permit the holder to perform, sign-off the maintenance work within the limits of authorization specifically endorsed on the certification authorization issued by VAECO.
Perform, sign-off, re-certify and release to service for cabin maintenance within the limits of tasks specifically endorsed on the certification authorization

After maintenance check above weekly check, Maintenance Release Certificate can be used VAECO form: (B; C; INV; PP; MP; QC Inspector)
VAECO Form 2019 (for EA check, EC check, A check, and C check) or VAECO form 2012 (for E check, P check) or VAECO Form 2018 for A/C released under EASA Part-145 approval or other approval required by the competent authority
@@VAECO Form 2012 (for EA check, EC check, A check, and C check) or VAECO form 2019 (for E check, P check) or VAECO Form 2018 for A/C released under EASA Part-145 approval or other approval required by the competent authority,
VAECO form 2012 for all.

When A/C was temporarily fitted parts without appropriate certificates, A/C can be serviced with: (B; C; AUD; INV; QC Inspector)
Only 01 flight to main base with approved from CAAV
@@Maximum of 30 flight hours or until the aircraft first returns to main line station or main maintenance base, whichever is the sooner
Maximum of 30 flight hours or 10 flight cycles or until the aircraft first returns to main line station or main maintenance base, whichever is the sooner

Which types of re-certifying certificate can be issued by VAECO? (B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE)
VAECO Form 5001
@@VAECO Form 5001, CAAV Form 1, SSCA FORM 1 or FAA 8130-3 (only applicable on U.S registered aircraft).
VAECO Form 5001, CAAV Form 1, EASA Form 1, FAA 8130-3

Which circumstances are the re-certifying used? (B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE)
Serviceable part removed from an aircraft or an A/C component
Serviceable or unserviceable part removed from an aircraft or an A/C component
@@Serviceable part removed from an aircraft/component and unserviceable part removed from an aircraft that repaired at VAECO.

After re-certifying a part, is any deferred defect accepted on that part? (B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE)
No, all defects must be cleared
@@Yes, any deferred defect must be noted in the “Remark” block of the certificate.
Yes, any deferred defect must be written in Tech log.

When a suspected unapproved part is considered risky for flight after consult with the manufacturer and authorities: (A; B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE; STR; WD; WS)
@@It must be removed immediately, the customer must be informed right away
It can be serviced for 01 flight to main base to replace.
It can be serviced after informed to operator and accepted from operator.

When the concession content is deviated to procedures approved/ accepted by CAAV but remains in compliance with CAAV Part 5 requirements, who approves for this concession? (AUD; INV; QC Inspector)
Director of related Department/ Center
@@Director of SQD
CAAV

What means of the maintenance error? (A; B; C; ACR; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; IFE; CAB; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; SI; MAP; PT; WS; EE)
@@A human action (or human behavior) that unintentionally deviates from the expected action (or behavior).
A human action (or human behavior) that intentionally deviates from the expected action (or behavior).
A human action (or human behavior) could result in a failure, malfunction, or defect which would endanger the continued safe flight and landing of the aircraft.

What means of the violation? (A; B; C; ACR; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; IFE; CAB; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; SI; MAP; PT; WS; EE)
A human action (or human behavior) that unintentionally deviates from the expected action (or behavior).
@@A human action (or human behavior) that intentionally deviates from the expected action (or behavior).
A human action (or human behavior) could result in a failure, malfunction, or defect which would endanger the continued safe flight and landing of the aircraft.

What mean of the Routine Violation? (A; B; C; ACR; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; IFE; CAB; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; SI; MAP; PT; WS; EE)
A human action (or human behavior) that unintentionally deviates from the expected action (or behavior).
A human action (or human behavior) could result in a failure, malfunction, or defect which would endanger the continued safe flight and landing of the aircraft.
@@These are “common practice”. Often occur with such regularity that they are automatic. Violating this rule has become a group norm. Routine violations are condoned by management.

What mean of the Exceptional Violation? (A; B; C; ACR; AUD; INV; QC Inspector; IFE; CAB; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; SI; MAP; PT; WS; EE)
A human action (or human behavior) that unintentionally deviates from the expected action (or behavior).
@@Maintenance Personnel wilfully breaks standing rules while disregarding the consequences
These are “common practice”. Often occur witwh such regularity that they are automatic. Violating this rule has become a group norm.

Finding occurs at more than two departments/ maintenance centers is identified: (AUD; INV; QC Inspector)
@@As a systemic issue and the preventive action should be deployed on overall quality system
As a systemic issue and the preventive action should be deployed at only departments/maintenance centers where finding was initially occurred
As the non-systemic and the preventive action should be deployed at only departments/maintenance centers where finding was initially occurred

May a temporary authorization be issued to suitable candidate at the main base/line location? (A; B; C; AUD; INV; QC Inspector)
@@No, a temporary authorization is only applied for out-station
Yes, if in the unforeseen cases, where an aircraft is grounded and there is no time or part/material
Yes, if in the unforeseen cases, where an aircraft is grounded and there is no appropriate inspection and return to service personnel available

VAECO may contract maintenance works to a subcontractor who is not approved by respective authority. Who is responsible for issuing release to service after works performed? (B; C; AUD; INV; QC Inspector)
Subcontractor who performing maintenance works
@@VAECO
A or B, it depends on contract between VAECO and Subcontractor

When a conflict occurs during course of inspection, the following principle shall be applied: (B; INV; QC Inspector)
@@Authorized inspection staff’s decision can be overridden by QC Manager.
Authorized inspection staff’s decision can be overridden by his/her team leader.
Authorized inspection staff’s decision can be overridden by another authorized inspection staff with higher certification.

Acceptable deferred defect (ADD) is (A; B; C; QC; INV; PP; ACR; BSI; NDT; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
Defect of aircraft/ aircraft systems or aircraft components installed on the aircraft that affecting to airworthiness of the aircraft and have not been rectified in period of time as specified in AMM, MEL, CDL.
@@Defect of aircraft/ aircraft systems or aircraft components installed on the aircraft that have not been rectified in period of time as specified in AMM, MEL, CDL and not affecting to airworthiness of the aircraft.
Defect of aircraft/ aircraft systems or aircraft components installed on the aircraft that not affecting to airworthiness of the aircraft and have been rectified in period of time as specified in AMM, MEL, CDL.

Ensure that all required maintenance that has been called up, has been certified by appropriate category CAT B1/B2 certifying staff, qualified mechanics and any outstanding or incomplete maintenance has been identified and the operator notified before issue of the certificate of release to service; Controlling and overall supervising of implementation of the work pack (WP) according to Base maintenance process to ensure compliance with applicable authority regulations, procedures of customer, company  – This is the responsibilities of which person bellow? (B; C; QC; AUD; INV; PP; ACR)
Foreman
@@CAT C certifying staff.
CAT B1 certifying staff.

Which statement below is correct?  (B; C; QC; INV; PP; ACR; CAB; IFE)
For the preliminary inspection in base maintenance, all finding found shall be documented on Preliminary Inspection Finding List (VAECO Form 6002) and verified by C/S CAT C. Then it is forwarded to production planner for raising NRC according to customer acceptance by contract or by the customer representative.
For the preliminary inspection in base maintenance, all finding found shall be documented on Preliminary Inspection Finding List (VAECO Form 6002) by the C/S CAT C. Then it is forwarded to production planner for raising NRC according to customer acceptance by contract or by the customer representative.
@@For the preliminary inspection in base maintenance, all finding found shall be documented on Preliminary Inspection Finding List (VAECO Form 6002) by the authorized inspection staff and verified by C/S CAT C. Then it is forwarded to production planner for raising NRC according to customer acceptance by contract or by the customer representative.

Which statement below is correct for content of override policy? (A; B; C; QC; INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
When a conflict occurs during course of inspection, under no circumstances shall maintenance staff override decision of an authorized inspection staff.
When a conflict occurs during course of inspection, QC manager can override decision of an authorized inspection staff in case of Specification Misinterpretation, Specification Unavailability, or Specification Deficiency or Inadequacy; And for any conflict that cannot be solved, SQD director will give final decision.
@@When a conflict occurs during course of inspection, under no circumstances shall maintenance staff override decision of an authorized inspection staff; QC manager can override decision of an authorized inspection staff in case of Specification Misinterpretation, Specification Unavailability, or Specification Deficiency or Inadequacy; And for any conflict that cannot be solved, SQD director will give final decision.

Critical maintenance task type 1 is:? (A; B; C; QC; INV; PP; MP; CMP; EE; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
An inspection first made by an authorized person signing the maintenance release who assumes full responsibility for the satisfactory completion of the work, before being subsequently inspected by a second independent competent person who attests to the satisfactory completion of the work recorded and that no deficiencies have been found.
A maintenance task that involve the assembly or any disturbance of a system or any part on an aircraft that, if errors occurred, could endanger the flight safety (sometime called flight safety sensitive maintenance task).
@@A maintenance task involving some element of removal/disassembly and installation/ reassembly of several components of the same type fitted to more than one system, a failure of which could have an impact on safety, on the same aircraft during a particular maintenance check.

Critical maintenance task type 2 is:? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; INV; PP; CMP; MP; EE; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
An inspection first made by an authorised person signing the maintenance release who assumes full responsibility for the satisfactory completion of the work, before being subsequently inspected by a second independent competent person who attests to the satisfactory completion of the work recorded and that no deficiencies have been found.
A maintenance task involving some element of removal/disassembly and installation/ reassembly of several components of the same type fitted to more than one system, a failure of which could have an impact on safety, on the same aircraft during a particular maintenance check.
@@A maintenance task that involve the assembly or any disturbance of a system or any part on an aircraft that, if errors occurred, could endanger the flight safety (sometime called flight safety sensitive maintenance task).

Independence inspection is:? (A; B; C; QC; AUD; INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
A maintenance task involving some element of removal/disassembly and installation/ reassembly of several components of the same type fitted to more than one system, a failure of which could have an impact on safety, on the same aircraft during a particular maintenance check.
A maintenance task that involve the assembly or any disturbance of a system or any part on an aircraft that, if errors occurred, could endanger the flight safety (sometime called flight safety sensitive maintenance task).
@@An inspection first made by an authorized person signing the maintenance release who assumes full responsibility for the satisfactory completion of the work, before being subsequently inspected by a second independent competent person who attests to the satisfactory completion of the work recorded and that no deficiencies have been found.

A maintenance task involving some element of removal/disassembly and installation/ reassembly of several components of the same type fitted to more than one system, a failure of which could have an impact on safety, on the same aircraft during a particular maintenance check. – This is the definition of which task type below? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; AUD; INV; PP; CMP; MP; EE; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
@@Critical maintenance task type 1.
Critical maintenance task type 2.
Independence inspection.

A maintenance task that involve the assembly or any disturbance of a system or any part on an aircraft that, if errors occurred, could endanger the flight safety (sometime called flight safety sensitive maintenance task). – This is the definition of which task type below? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; AUD; INV; PP; CMP; MP; EE; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
Critical maintenance task type 1.
@@Critical maintenance task type 2.
Independence inspection.

An inspection first made by an authorized person signing the maintenance release who assumes full responsibility for the satisfactory completion of the work, before being subsequently inspected by a second independent competent person who attests to the satisfactory completion of the work recorded and that no deficiencies have been found. – This is the definition of which task type below? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; AUD; INV; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
Critical maintenance task type 1.
Critical maintenance task type 2.
@@Independence inspection.

Maintenance items (routine maintenance work or non-routine maintenance work), if not properly performed or if improper parts or materials are used, that could result in a failure, malfunction, or defect endangering the safe operations of the aircraft. These maintenance items need to be inspected by a specific inspector who is authorized by customer and doesn’t implement this task. – This is the definition of which item below? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; AUD; INV; PP; CMP; MP; EE; ACR; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
@@RII (Required inspection items)
Independent inspection
Critical task type 2.

Who is responsible to determine maintenance items are RII? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; INV; PP; CMP; MP; EE; ACR; STR)
EGD
Customer
@@Customer/Maintenance centers/ EGD/ MCC

What need to do in case Maintenance centers/ EGD/ MCC cannot determine maintenance items are RII as requirements in customer procedure? (B; C; QC Inspector; INV; PP; CMP; MP; EE; ACR; STR)
Maintenance centers/ EGD/ MCC will skip the determination and continue the work as normal task.
@@Maintenance centers/ EGD/ MCC will inform BPD to work with customer to get an official confirmation.
MCC will inform BPD to work with customer to get an official confirmation.

The RII tasks are identified by which of information bellow? (B; C; QC Inspector; INV; PP; CMP; MP; EE; ACR; STR)
Is stamped with “RII” at the right upper corner on the first page of maintenance document.
Is marked with “RII” next to RII items; and there is an item “Refer to Item…. Inspected following Customer (VNA/VJC/JPA/K6/KE…) RII procedures” at the end of the EO/ SRO/ WO/ NRC or right below each item marked with “RII”.
@@All these answers are correct.

If there is any finding during inspection of RII, the RII inspector will require the authorized staff who accomplished the item(s) to rework then re-inspect for those items until satisfied. – This is requirement of which term below? (B; C; QC Inspector; INV; PP; CMP; MP; EE; AUD; ACR)
@@Buy back
Override policy.
All these answers are not correct.

How to complete the maintenance document in the case that buy-back is required? (B; C; QC Inspector; INV; PP; ACR)
The RII inspector notes “Buy-back required” in the description / work performed / work description / work requirement block of the respective Task card / WO / NRC/ EO and report to certifying staff CAT C for monitoring.
@@The RII inspector notes “Buy-back required” in the description / work performed / work description / work requirement block of the respective Task card / WO / NRC/ EO and raise a JC/NRCC Form (in base maintenance) or a new technical log entry (in line maintenance)
for the rework and re-performance of RII inspection.
The RII inspector notes “Buy-back required” in the description / work performed / work description / work requirement block of the respective Task card / WO / NRC/ EO and handover to the respective maintenance staff.

Can a person who is not a RII inspector perform inspection RII task? (B; C; QC Inspector; INV; ACR)
@@No
Yes
Yes, If Maintenance centers do not have enough RII inspector to perform RII tasks and he/she is in the list of proposed RII inspectors created by respective maintenance centers.

Which type of re-certifying certificate to be issued to declare the serviceability of removed components / parts from the aircraft/ aircraft component? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; INV; PP; MP; CMP; ACR; WS; SI; MAP; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
VAECO Form 5001;
CAAV Form 1;
@@The type of certificate specified in the WO based on customer demands (official letter, telex, service order) if requested by customer or based on the actual condition as follows:\n- VAECO Form 5001;\n- CAAV Form 1;\n-  FAA 8130-3 (only applicable on U.S registered aircraft).

To avoid the effects of humidity, temperature, contamination and damage, part and material will be: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; WS; NDT)
Kept in normal condition.
@@Preserved in accordance with the manufacturer’s requirements or applicable industrial standards.
Preserved in store without any specific requirement.

To assure safety and security, part and material will be: (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
Accessed by any personnel.
Kept in quarantine store.
@@Secured to prevent unauthorized access

Which software system is used to control part and material provided by Vietnam Airlines? (INV; PP; CMP; MP; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT; TOC)
@@Aircraft Maintenance and Operational Support (AMOS).
Other software system than AMOS.
All of these answers are correct.

Which statement is true? (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
@@Serviceable part and material always must be separated with unserviceable part and material.
Serviceable part and material can be kept in the same place with unserviceable part and material provided they are attached with identifying tag.
Serviceable part and material can be kept in the same place with unserviceable part and material.

Which tag is used to identify serviceable status of rotable part (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
Consumable Release Tag (VAECO Form 0008)
@@Serviceable Tag for Rotable Parts (VAECO Form 0005/Left hand section)
Unserviceable Tag for Rotable Part (VAECO Form 0005/Right hand section)
MOE P2 C 9.3.3.1 or RSM P2 C 9.3.3.1 or EASA MOE P2 2.3.2 (1)

When dispatch individual item from a batch of consumable part/ materials which tag shall be attached with individual item. (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
@@Consumable Release Tag (VAECO Form 0008)
Serviceable Tag for Expendable/Consumable (VAECO Form 0007).
Identification Tag (VAECO Form 0003).

Which requirement specified in ATA-300: (INV; SI)
@@Standard of packaging of part/ material.
Requirement of preservation of part/ material.
Requirement of storage condition.

The expiry date of part/ material shall be defined based on: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
Information in the AMOS only.
Information from part/ material supplier.
@@Information in the certificate/ document/ label from Manufacturer

When delivering part/ material, what rule will be applied? (INV; SI)
@@The First In First Out (FIFO) rule
The First in Last out (FILO) rule.
No specific rule for this case.


When delivering part/ materials (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
The deliverer (store personnel) will inspect the status and related documents for the item prior to delivery to assure serviceable items are made available.
The receiver (maintenance personnel) will inspect status of the item and related documents for serviceability and sign in the spare request sheet or delivery/receiver book, acknowledging the receipt of a serviceable item.
@@All of these answers are correct.

Who will make decision and attach a tag to condemned part (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
@@Store inspector.
Aircraft certifying staff.
A/C Inspection personnel.

When returning to store, materials (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
@@Will be accepted if materials are still in original packing and good condition.
Will be accepted in all cases.
Will be discarded.

Inspector find expired date of shelf-life part during incoming inspection base on what? (INV; SI)
@@On the certificate/label of shelf-life parts;
Expired date of shelf-life parts is defined base on condition of preservation of VAECO store.
Base on type of shelf-life parts that is defined in AMOS only;
All these answers are correct

Single serviceable component can be ‘Robbed’ from (B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; MP; INV)
stocked serviceable Next Higher Assembly.
stocked Un-serviceable Next Higher Assembly.
@@All of these mentioned cases are correct.

To “Rob” an item from serviceable NHA kept in store, authorised staff have to (INV; B; C; SI; MAP; WS)
@@check then issue re-certified certificate for the robbing item.
issue a serviceable tag for the robbing item.
Issue Robbery tag for “robbed” NHA and robbing item.

To “Rob” an item from Un-serviceable NHA kept in store, authorised staff have to (INV; B; C; SI; MAP; WS)
@@check relevant documents to ensure that current defect on NHA do not impact to the serviceable status of the robbing item.
issue a serviceable tag for the removed robbing item.
Issue Robbery tag for “robbed” NHA and removed robbing item.

At outstation, when install component with temporary GRN which issued based on Serviceable label/ document of other Airlines to VNA A/C, authorised staff should specify in to Technical log page. (INV; A; B)
@@the statement of temporary use of component.
the installation of new component as normal.
the statement that use the component as Loan item.

Installing an component with Serviceable label/ document of other Airlines to an aircraft (no original certificate): (INV; A; B)
The aircraft is not allowed to fly.
@@The aircraft is allowed to fly within 30 flight-hours or first flight to main base whichever come first.
The aircraft is allowed to fly without any condition.

Which category of part does VAECO fabricate? (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT; EE)
No, VAECO is approved maintenance organization not production/ designed organization;
@@Category 3 parts
Category 2 parts in accordance with FAA Advisory Circular

Unserviceable part removed from an aircraft to be returned to VAECO Store must be attached with the following document: (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS)
@@Unserviceable tag; Technical-log page or NRC; applicable trouble shooting data such as: PFR/ OMM, Bite test.
Unserviceable tag; Technical-log page or NRC.
Technical-log page or NRC; applicable trouble shooting data such as: PFR/ OMM, Bite test.

Information “remove/installation” of unserviceable part removed from VNA aircraft shall be updated into AMOS immediately and within 24 hours since the component is returned to store by (INV; PP; A; B; C; ACR)
@@Technical Division staff.
Logistics Center
Business Planning Department.

Materials have reached or exceeded their certified shelf-life limits: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT; EE)
@@must be tagged with Condemned Part Tag (VAECO Form 0009) by Store Inspector and transferred to Condemn Store.
must be transferred to another store in order to obtain the new self-life.
could be used if the material is still in good condition.

The receiving control number (GRN) is: (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
@@used to control original certificates, documents of part/ materials;
issued by the manufacturer for controlling of part/ material;
the approval number for supplier who provide the part/ material for VAECO.

When authorised staff at outstation receive part/ component which is sent directly form supplier, the temporary GRN is obtain from: (INV; A; B; C)
@@Logistic Center via FAX.
the tracking number in EASA form 1/ FAA form 8130-3… accompanied with component.
no where because the GRN will be issued later by Logistic Center.

Which document is used to confirm serviceable status of component removed from A/C? (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS)
Identification tag.
Serviceable tag.
@@Re-certified certificate.

When receive from VAECO main store, GRN and information of consumable material should be found base on (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
Serviceable tag (VAECO Form 0005).
@@Consumable release Tag (VAECO Form 0008) or Serviceable Tag for Expendable/Consumable Item (VAECO Form 0007)
Container of package of consumable spare part.
Form Manual

Which requirement must be met during preservation of  Electrostatic Discharge Sensitive (ESDS) parts? (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; EE)
To be stored in containers completely insulated from metal objects;
Be preserved in containers ATA-300;
@@All of these answers are correct.

After removing from aircraft during maintenance an aircraft parts shall be identified by using: (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; MAP; WS; NDT)
Serviceable tag – left hand part (VAECO form 0005).
@@Identification tag (VAECO form 0003).
Un-serviceable tag – right hand part (VAECO form 0005).

At main station, can maintenance staff use part/material directly supplied by customers? (A; B; ACR; C; STR; WD; CAB; IFE; INV; QC Inspector)
Yes, provided the part/material is accompanied with customer’s approved documents.
@@No, all part/material used on aircraft must go through VAECO incoming inspection system.
Yes, provided the customer is VAECO’s contractor.

When making entries in Technical log of VNA aircraft: (A; B; C; CAB; IFE; INV; QC Inspector)
@@Only blue/black color ball point pens are allowed.
All type of pens (except pencil) are allowed provided it is of blue/black color.
Any type of pen is acceptable.

For acceptance the tool and equipment of customer, what form must the MSC/ DAD Branch staff shall create and attach to? (SI; INV; QC Inspector)
Calibration Control label (VAECO Form 0004) to show that it is only used for the respective customer.
@@Usage Notice (VAECO Form 0016) to show that it is only used for the respective customer.
Caution label (VAECO Form 0019) to show that it is only used for the respective customer.

While receiving of part/ materials for maintenance, who is responsible to verify the correction of part/materials in comparison with the part/ materials requisition; checks physical condition of part/ materials? (A; B; C; QC Inspector; INV; ACR; WS; BSI; NDT; SI; MAP; PT; STR; WD; CAB; IFE)
Part/ Material requester.
@@Part/ Material receiver.
Part/ Material issuer.

Receiving personnel takes pictures of the external condition of part – This is requirement for (C; QC Inspector; INV; SI)
Receiving un-used part.
Receiving new part.
@@Receiving unserviceable part.

According to VAECO procedure, tools and equipment should be classified as follow: (INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
@@Specific tools & Equipment and Non-Specific tools & Equipment;
Measuring & Test Equipment and Non-Specific tools & Equipment
Measuring & Test Equipment and hand tools

Who perform the preliminary inspection of T&E: (AUD; INV; C; QM; SI; NDT)
Tool Controller;
@@Store inspector;
Staff of tool store.

Who is responsible for performing detail inspection of physical condition, specification and technical status, included specific manufacturer's requirements such as storage condition, maintenance requirement: (INV; C; QM; SI; NDT)
@@Tool Controller;
Store inspector;
Staff of tool store

Tool controller will classify and determine the calibration requirements (interval and parameters) based on: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
Manufacturer’s certificates and/ or technical document for the new tool/ equipment;
Calibration certificate/ report and/ or repair report for the tool/ equipment after calibration/ maintenance;
@@Manufacturer’s certificates and/ or technical document for the new tool/ equipment and Calibration certificate/ report and/ or repair report for the tool/ equipment after calibration/ maintenance;

If there is no information of calibration due date or interval in the certificate of T& E, calibration interval shall: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
@@Be determined by Tool Controller;
Be determined by Calibration shop manager;
Be determined by QC staff.

If the CRTE is determined to be out-of tolerance, it shall be attached with: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
@@Tool/ Equipment Unserviceable tag (VAECO Form 0002)
Caution label (VAECO Form 0019) or Usage notice (VAECO Form 0016)
Calibration Not Required label (VAECO Form 0018)

For a new tool/ equipment which has a serial number, Tool controller will classify it in suitable material class and enter any necessary information into: (INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT; TOC)
@@AMOS system
In VAECO website
Self- developed software of tool store

Who is responsible for checking and accepting the T&E handovered from LGC: (INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; WS; NDT)
@@The respective MSC Directors or DAD Branch Director
The respective MSC Directors
The respective MSC Directors or Ramp Maintenance Directors

Self-equipped tools/ equipment used in maintenance by maintenance staff are: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; WS; NDT)
Hand tools only
Non-specific tool/ equipment and must be accepted by his manager
@@Forbidden

Specific and non-specific T&E to be shared shall be preserved IAW: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; SI; WS; NDT)
@@Manufacturer’s requirements/ recommendation
Industrial standards
National standards

For equipment which have accessories but come in kit, they shall be: (INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
Identified with the main item
Controlled by a contents list to be kept in the kit
@@Identified with the main item and Controlled by a contents list to be kept in the kit

The Maintenance programe of T&E shall be established, based on: (AUD; INV; B; C)
Manufacture’s tooling instruction manual
VAECO experiences
@@Manufacture’s tooling instruction manual or VAECO experiences

When borrowed T&E from Tool store must be returned to Tool store? (INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
@@Before completion of each working shift or at the time registered with Tool store keeper (for long time usage)
At the time the related work finished.
At maximum of 02 days from borrowed date

While borrowing of T&E, the checking of physical condition, calibration/ maintenance due date and accompanied technical document is performed by? (INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
@@Borrower
No one, because all T&E in tool store are serviceable;
Tool controller

Who is responsible for establish a list of all tools in personal tool box (VAECO form 2063)? (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; WS)
User/ person-in-charge
@@Respective manager and director
Tool controller

Modification to any tools of personal tools is: (INV; A; B; C; QM; WS)
@@allowed with prior approval from the respective director, the tool will then be de-registered and re-registered under difference name
allowed anytime if the modification is more convenient for user work
Not allowable.

The MSC will design and give fabrication instruction for: (INV; B; C)
@@both complicated and/or specific T&E and simple and non-specific T&E
simple and non-specific T&E
complicated and/or specific T&E

Who will approve for the fabricated equipment to be operated/ used at the apron: (AUD; INV; B; C)
VAECO SQD
@@CAAV
No approval is needed

Where can you check information of accepted fabricated tool/ equipment? (INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT; TOC)
@@AMOS
VAECO Website
All of these answers are correct.

What kind of the following T&E should be evaluated by using The Evaluation of equivalent T&E (Form 3001) (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
@@Specific tool/ equipment that is not confirmed by the aircraft/ aircraft component manufacturer
Non-specific tool/ equipment
Specific tool/ equipment that is accepted by manufacturer of the aircraft/ aircraft component

What agencies are acceptable/ recognized for calibrating the VAECO Calibration Required Tool and Equipment (CRTE)? (INV; SI)
@@Agencies listed on List of Recognized Tool Subcontractors (VAECO Form 2062)
@@All of the VAECO CRTE can only be calibrated at the approved calibration agencies.
OEM of CRTE
VAECO Calibration workshop

What stamp shall be attached to serviceable CRTE? (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
Calibration Control label (VAECO Form 0004)
Calibration Stamp (VAECO Form 0021)
@@Calibration Control label (VAECO Form 0004) or Calibration Stamp (VAECO Form 0021)

Is it acceptable as serviceable for Measuring and test tool/ equipment not attached with Calibration Control label (VAECO Form 0004) or Calibration Stamp (VAECO Form 0021)? (INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
@@Yes, if it is attached with Calibration Not Required label (VAECO Form 0018)
No, it must be attached one of two form above
Yes, if it is calibrated by VAECO Calibration shop

The CRTE has a function limited and/ or accuracy downgraded shall be attached with: (INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT; EE)
Caution label (VAECO Form 0019) and Tools/ Equipment Unserviceable Tag (VAECO Form 0002)
Usage Notice (VAECO Form 0016) and Tools/ Equipment Unserviceable Tag (VAECO Form 0002)
@@Caution label (VAECO Form 0019) and Usage Notice (VAECO Form 0016)

Who is responsible for checking and defining the calibration requirements for each CRTE received from user for sent out calibration? (INV;)
@@Tool controller
Calibration staff
Calibration workshop manager

Which form shall be attached to the CRTE that calibrated from calibration agency other than VAECO if the CRTE meets the manufacturer requirements. (INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT; EE)
@@Calibration Control Label (VAECO Form 0004)
Calibration Stamp (VAECO Form 0021)
Not need any form because calibration agency has its own stamp to be attached

For a multi-functioned measure/ test equipment, when one or more independence functions do not meet the manufacturer's specification then is it acceptable for using then remain functions of the measure/ test equipment? (AUD; INV; A; B; C; QM; WS; NDT)
No, that multi-functioned measure/ test equipment must be not used
@@Yes, if it is approved by MSC Director;
It depends on user after the remaining function of equipment is confirmed by inspection/test

The Maintenance program (VAECO Form 3027) and Maintenance plan (VAECO Form 7006) of T&E shall be established by: (AUD; INV; B; C)
MCC
Engineering Department (EGD)
@@Maintenance Support Center

If the CRTE was determined to have been out of allowable tolerance, what action does the tools and equipment control personnel of respective Calibration Workshop do? (INV; QC Inspector; C; EE)
@@Initiate the Significant Out of Tolerance Report (VAECO Form 7009) and send to the EGD and SQD to determine if there could be any adverse effect on any maintenance tasks that used this CRTE.
Inform to Calibration manager and conduct send out for re-calibration and adjust
Inform to Calibration manager; following to condemn procedure and transfer to quarantine store

The use of a measurement tool/equipment is only allowed when: (A; B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; IFE; CAB; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; SI; PT; WS; EE)
@@They have the “Calibration not required” (VAECO Form 0018) stamp or Calibration Control Label (VAECO Form 0004) or Calibration Stamp (VAECO Form 0021 attached.
They have the “Serviceable tag” (VAECO Form 0005) attached that confirms their serviceability.
They have the “Usage notice” (VAECO Form 0016) attached that declares their accuracy.

When shall hand tool be considered lost? (B; ACR; INV; QC Inspector)
it can‟t be located after one hour from time of discovery of its loss
it is discovered lost at end-of-day tool inventory check
@@All of these answers are correct.

What is the specific tool and equipment? (A; B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; IFE; CAB; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; PT; WS)
the specific tool and equipments  are acceptable for use inmaintenance activities without specific requirements in the technical data
@@the specific tool and equipments are designed solely to support specific airplane component or system maintenance task procedure(s) as specified in Technical Data. Specific tools and equipment are specified by part number in Technical Data.
the specific tool and equipments  standard hand tools and those tools and equipment that have multiple applications for their use.

Is it necessary to use Evaluation of equivalent T&E (VAECO Form 3001) to assess the equivalent of non-specific tool/equipment? (A; B; C; ACR; INV; QC Inspector; IFE; CAB; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; PT; WS)
@@No, the user can checks the specification/ functions of the tool/ equipment and confirm that all requirements specified in Technical Data are satisfied before usage.
Yes, the Engineering Department (EGD) verifies the equivalency by performing a test to assure that the T&E meet the manufacturer‟s standards and specifications in all respects regarding tolerances, repeatability and accuracy.
Yes, after approval, the equivalency approval document is sent back to Engineering Department (EGD)

At main station, can maintenance staff use tool/equipment supplied by customers and not from VAECO store? (A; B; ACR; CAB; IFE; STR; WD; NDT; BSI; INV; QC Inspector)
@@No.
Yes, if permitted by maintenance managers.
Yes, provided the tool/equipment is in good condition.

When returning torque wrench to store, maintenance staff must: (A; B; ACR; CAB; IFE; INV; QC Inspector)
@@Set the torque to the lowest value.
Set the torque to the highest value.
Set the torque to the medium value.

In the case of damaged or unserviceable tools, Lost/ Damaged Tool/Equipment Report (VAECO form 7010) shall be raised within: (A; B; ACR; C; CAB; IFE; BSI; NDT; STR; WD; INV; QC Inspector)
12 hours of discovery.
@@24 hours of discovery.
Working shift of discovery.

Concession type is approved by Vietnam Airlines's Safety Quality & Security Department consists of? (INV; A; B; C; ACR)
B&C category defect in MEL.
A variation of maintenance plan in AMS.
One-Off approval for Pilot/ Authorized staff at out station.
@@50 percent duration of B&C defect category in MEL and variation of maintenance plan in AMS and One-Off approval for Pilot/ Authorized staff at out station.

Minor local modification is approved by: (AUD; INV; EE; A; B; C; ACR)
VAECO SQD or CAAV
DOA or CAAV
@@CAAV

Completion of VNA Technical Log, shall be performed in accordance with: (INV; A; B; C; CAB/IFE; EE)
@@VAECO's procedures and VNA's procedures
VAECO's procedures
VNA's procedures and CAAV's requirements

The AMS of VNA A/C shall be kept updated by addition/ amendments/ interval arising from: (INV; PP; CMP; MP; C; EE)
Change in MPD, MRB, service experience.
Change of Authority requirements.
@@All of these answers are correct.

The Aircraft Maintenance Schedule (AMS) can be amended by: (AUD; INV; PP; CMP; MP; A; B; C; ACR; EE)
@@VNA with authority approval.
Maintenance organization with authority approval.
VNA only.

With regard to line maintenance for VNA's aircraft, inspection and preparation for preflight shall be performed in accordance with: (INV; A; B; EE)
@@VNA procedure.
VAECO procedure.
CAAV requirements.

Control and approve of fuel quality for a flight shall be performed by: (INV; A; B)
@@Authorized staff
Captain or Authorized staff
Captain

Aircraft weighing shall perform when: (INV; MP; EE; B; C; ACR)
@@After major modification or AMS requirement.
After major modification or Manufacturer's requirement.
After major modification.

VNA maintenance programme for aircraft type is including: (AUD; INV; MP; CMP; PP; A; B; C; ACR; CAB/IFE; EE)
@@Aircraft Maintenance Schedule and Cabin Maintenance Schedule.
Aircraft Maintenance Schedule only.
Cabin Maintenance Schedule only.

According to VNA policy, Part Manufacture Approval (PMA) part: (AUD; INV; A; B; C; ACR; CAB/IFE; EE)
Can not be installed on cabin interior such as PAX seat, galley, IFE system, side panel.
Can be installed on cabin interior such as PAX seat, galley, IFE system, side panel.
@@Can be installed on cabin interior such as PAX seat, galley, IFE system, side panel if getting approval from CAAV.

In VNA Line Maintenance Manual, repetitive defect is defined as: (INV; A; B; C; EE)
A defect or defects of the same nature, which has been recorded  more than once in the Technical Log within 03 flights (or  07 consecutive operational days) where trouble shooting action(s) did not rectify the defect.
A defect or defects of the same nature, which has been recorded  more than once in the Technical Log within 07 flights where trouble shooting action(s) did not rectify the defect.
@@An acceptable Deferred Defect which had been cleared but re-occur with the same nature during the 03 previous consecutive operational days or 07 previous consecutive flights regardless any trouble shooting action had been done.

With regard to VNA's aircraft, the parts to be swapped must be? (INV; PP; MP; CMP; B; C; EE)
@@The same P/N, and modification status. If not, the interchangeability of parts must be qualified from the applicable approved documents.
The same P/N, and modification status.
The interchangeability of parts must be qualified from the applicable approved documents and the same P/N, and modification status.

With regard to VNA's aircraft, NO swapping of the parts installed on different aircraft is permitted if? (INV; MP; B; C; EE)
@@The defect can only be confirmed during the flight.
The defect can only be confirmed on ground.
The defect can be confirmed on ground and the defect can be confirmed during the flight.

With regard to VNA's aircraft, after confirmation of the defect by swapping? (INV; MP; B; C; EE)
It is not require the swapped parts be returned to the original installations.
@@The swapped parts must be returned to the original installations.
The swapped parts can or not be returned to the original installations

With regard to VNA' aircraft, swapping is acceptable method of troubleshooting, and must ONLY be used to: (INV; MP; B; C; EE)
@@Confirm the defect, when there is no required spare available or may be the case when the part is suspected to be of un-serviceable.
To rectify the defect or to avoid the deficiency subjected to limitations in the approved documents such as MEL….
Defer the defect, to avoid the deficiency subjected to limitations in the approved documents.

With regard to VNA A/C, swapping of component can be used to (INV; MP; B; C; EE)
Rectify the defect or to avoid the deficiency subjected to limitations in the approved documents such as MEL…
@@Bring the reported defect back to within the MEL limitations.
Defer the defect, to avoid the deficiency subjected to limitations in the approved documents.

With regard to EDTO maintenance sub-procedure is to ensure compliance to the oil consumption monitoring program, engine oil must be checked and serviced to the FULL level: (INV; A; B; EE)
Prior to dispatch on EDTO flight.
@@Prior to dispatch on EDTO flight and on non-EDTO flights, if engine oil level check requires servicing.
After an EDTO flights and engine oil level check requires servicing.

In accordance with EDTO maintenance procedure for VNA, downgraded EDTO is EDTO restricted to: (INV; A; B; C; EE)
More than the operational approval stipulated time of 120 minutes.
@@Less than the operational approval stipulated time of 120-180 minutes.
Less than the operational approval stipulated time of 60 minutes.

Non- EDTO are flights that: (INV; A; B; EE)
@@Remain within 60 minutes of landing at suitable airport.
Remain more than 120 minutes of landing at suitable airport.
Remain within 90 minutes of landing at suitable airport.

Preflight/Transit check of aircraft is limited to: (AUD; INV; A; B)
Certifying staff who has achieved a required level of practical experience.
@@Certifying staff who has achieved a required level of practical experience and training relating to the specific tasks.
Any maintenance staff who has achieved a required level of practical experience and training relating to the specific tasks.

The Preflight/Transit checks are Line Maintenance Checks to be performed: (INV; A; B)
@@At each transit or before each flight, but not earlier than two (2) hours before the flight. This check includes also the correction of troubles reported in the Aircraft Technical Log if the airworthiness of the aircraft is affected.
Before each flight, two hours before the fight.
At each transit or before each flight, but not earlier than two (2) hours before the flight. This check does not include the correction of troubles reported in the Aircraft Technical Log.

During line maintenance operation, the chocks must be installed in front of and behind: (AUD; INV; A; B)
The nose wheels after the headset being connected.
@@The nose wheels prior to the headset being connected and the main wheels after engines shutdown or propellers completely stop.
The nose wheels and main wheels prior to the headset being connected.

In preflight/ transit checks, a final walk around check of the aircraft is to be carried out: (AUD; INV; A; B)
Once all doors are closed to ensure the aircraft is fit for flight.
Once all doors are closed to ensure the aircraft is fit for flight, particular attention must be paid to especially the re-fuel cap.
@@Once all doors are closed to ensure the aircraft is fit for flight. Particular attention must be paid to doors and panels normally opened during transit and especially the re-fuel cap.

The Authorized Staff, in association with VAECO, has the authority to defer items that meet one or more of the following criteria: (INV; A; B; C; ACR)
@@The malfunctioning system or component is specifically listed in the MEL or CDL and the item is of a non-airworthy nature.
The malfunctioning system or component is specifically listed in the MEL and the item is of a non-airworthy nature.
The malfunctioning system or component is specifically listed in the MEL or CDL.

Before fueling Authorised staff has be sure that fuel delivered onto aircraft is: (INV; A; B)
Free of contamination and specification for each aircraft type.
Free of contamination and correct grade for each aircraft type.
@@Free of contamination, correct grade and specification for each aircraft type.

VNA Line maintenance TELEX are: (INV; A; B)
@@Aircraft departure TELEX; Aircraft Technical Delay Telex; Aircraft Night Stop/Remote Scheduled Check Telex.
Aircraft Technical Delay Telex and Aircraft Night Stop/Remote Scheduled Check Telex.
Aircraft departure TELEX; Aircraft Technical Delay Telex.

Required inspection items (RII) inspection is imposed on: (INV; PP; MP; CMP; EE; B; C)
any adjustment, overhaul, repair, replacement or modification of any part of Flight or Engine Control Systems/Vital Points.
any adjustment, overhaul, repair, replacement or modification of any part of Engine Control Systems/Vital Points.
@@those tasks that could result in a failure, malfunction, or defect that endangers the safe operation of the aircraft if the task is not completed properly or if you use improper parts or material.

RII inspection is: (INV; PP; B; C)
An inspection first made and certified by one qualified person, and subsequently made and certified by same person, but not at the same time.
An inspection first made and certified by one qualified person, and subsequently made and certified by a second qualified person, at the same time, but independently after each other.
@@An inspection performed by the VNA RII-authorized person, who did not perform any maintenance or alteration on that Required Inspection Item.

What is the correct answer: (INV; PP; MP; CMP; EE; B; C)
RII inspection can be used as an alternative compliance method for other inspection (for example duplicate inspection, EDTO inspection and verification action…) required by OEM documents and VNA other specific manuals.
@@RII inspection cannot be used as an alternative compliance method for other inspection required by OEM documents and VNA other specific manuals.
In some cases, RII inspection can be used as an alternative compliance method for other inspection required by OEM documents and VNA other specific manuals.

Regarding to Technical log entrance for RII inspection: (INV; B; C)
CRS staff shall create one item on TLP for recording the performed work.
CRS staff shall create two items on TLP for recording the performed work: one for work performance and one for RII inspection.
@@Two items on TLP shall be created for recording the performed work: one for work performance and signed by CRS staff; one for RII inspection and signed by RII inspector.

Line Maintenance Checklist are approved data which acceptable to CAAV and they are: (AUD; INV; A; B; C)
a part of VNA’s LMM
@@a part of VNA’s AMS.
a part of VNA’s MME

After a flight, if a cabin defect found to be affecting to aircraft airworthiness, it must be transferred immediately to Technical logbook by: (AUD; INV; CMP; MP; A; B; CAB/IFE)
@@Flight crew or CRS staff.
Flight crew.
CRS staff.

During line maintenance, paper works such as: Technical log entry/certification, cabin defect log completion, spare serviceable/un-serviceable tag completion shall be done in accordance with: (INV; MP; CMP; A; B)
CAAV requirements.
@@VNA requirements.
VAECO requirements.

For the recurring ADD: (AUD; INV; A; B; C)
@@a note to crews and engineers must be raised by the CRS engineer to inform all flight crews and maintenance engineers working further on the aircraft of the recurrence of the defect.
CRS engineer must inform flight crews the repetitiveness of the defect.
CRS engineer must inform maintenance engineers working further on the aircraft of the repetitiveness of the defect.

With regard to VNA's aircraft, when raising, progressing or clearing an ADD, it is necessary to: (INV; MP; CMP; A; B; CAB/IFE)
Complete an entry on the MEL or Non-MEL related ADD sheets
Complete an entry on the MEL related ADD sheets as well as on the Technical Log page.
@@Complete an entry on the MEL or Non-MEL related ADD sheets as well as on the Technical Log page.

With regard to VNA's aircraft, in order to clear an ADDs, you should: (INV; A; B; CAB/IFE)
@@Insert the text appropriate to the rectification work carried out into the ACTION TAKEN block of the Technical Log Page, complete the ADD sheet by annotating the CLEARANCE detail section with technical Log Page reference and item number, after that certify all the entry.
Complete the ADD sheet by annotating the CLEARANCE detail section with Technical Log Page reference and item number.
Insert the text appropriate to the rectification work carried out into the ACTION TAKEN block of the Technical Log Page, after that certify all the entry.

With regard to VNA's aircraft, during defueling, Authorised staff has to: (INV; A; B; ACR)
Comply with safety precaution mentioned in related AMM and VNA requirements.
@@Comply with safety precaution mentioned in related AMM and other requirements that the local airport authority may have at that particular area/gate or airport.
Comply with safety precaution mentioned in related AMM and VAECO requirements.

In accordance with De/ Anti-Icing procedure, performing final check before aircraft dispatch (pre-taxi check) to ensure: (INV; A; B)
@@Aircraft is cleaned. This check is normally performed from inside the flight deck.
Aircraft is cleaned. This check is only performed outside the aircraft.
Aircraft is cleaned. This check is normally performed from both outside the aircraft and inside the Cabin.

Controlling/monitoring of movement of aircraft components on line maintenance, the authorized staff must identify the correct parts need for removal/installation from/onto the aircraft for the following purpose: (INV; A; B; C)
@@Returning the aircraft to the airworthy condition or just for correct spare handling of VNA.
Returning the aircraft to the airworthy condition.
For correct spare handling of VNA (VNA may have to return a loan item/pooling part to a specified partner at that particular line station at a particular time).

Removal/installation of the parts on line maintenance, the authorized staff removing the part shall take all necessary precautions to ensure that: (INV; A; B; C; CAB/IFE)
The part is removed properly from the aircraft; all data (P/N, S/N) must be entered accurately into the Technical Log page and a Technical Log entry in the Action Taken column will be made to record the reason for the removal.
@@The part is removed properly from the aircraft; all removal data (P/N, S/N) must be entered accurately into the Technical Log page and A Technical Log entry in the Defect column will be made to record the reason for the removal.
The part is removed properly from the aircraft; all removal data (P/N, S/N) must be entered accurately into the Technical Log page.

Regarding to one-off authorization, upon receipt the approval and before signing off the technical log, the approved person must be sure that: (INV; A; B; C)
All maintenance actions have been completely done I.A.W VAECO MOE and instructions from the related VAECO SQD.
All maintenance actions have been completely done I.A.W VAECO MOE.
@@All maintenance actions have been completely done in accordance with VNA Line Maintenance Manual’s procedures and instructions from MOC/MCC.

An Acceptable Deferred Defect may be raised: (INV; PP; A; B; C; ACR; CAB/IFE)
@@When a defect occurs on an aircraft which can not be rectified immediately due to lack of spares, equipment, tooling, manpower or insufficient of aircraft downtime, but the deferral of that defect does not impair the ability of the aircraft to safely continue in service until rectification action can be completed.
When a defect occurs on an aircraft which can not be rectified immediately due to lack of spares.
When a defect occurs on an aircraft which can not be rectified immediately due to lack of spares, equipment, tooling, manpower or insufficient of aircraft downtime.

With regard to Line Maintenance, during maintenance or calibration of aircraft systems/aircraft components/test equipment: (INV; A; B; C; EE)
@@The type, P/N and S/N of the tooling/equipment used to perform the task must be recorded in the Technical Log by the engineer who has performed the task.
The type and S/N of the tooling/equipment used to perform the task must be recorded in the Technical Log by the engineer who has performed the task.
The type and P/N of the tooling/equipment used to perform the task must be recorded in the Technical Log by the engineer who has performed the task.

When an OPM reaches its deadline but there is not a Work Order, the maintenance staff must: (A; B; INV; PP; CMP; MP; QC Inspector)
Only carry out maintenance required by the OPM.
@@Request respected TD and MCC to issue Work Order for performance.
None of these answers is correct..

Before releasing the aircraft to service, the maintenance staff must ensure all line check deadlines: (A; B; AUD; INV; MP; QC Inspector)
@@Have enough time for the aircraft to return to the station that can perform the due maintenance check.
Have not passed the expected time of release to service.
Have been deferred IAW approved maintenance documents.

When a new OPM needs to be raised, the maintenance staff: (A; B; C; INV; PP; MP; CMP; QC Inspector)
Fill in VAECO Form 1003 – OOP Maintenance Requirement Control Sheet, which is attached to the Technical log.
@@Fill in VAECO Form 5004 Out of  Phase Maintenance Requirement Notice and send to respective TD.
Write request to raise new OPM in Technical log entry.

For VNA aircraft, when the expiry date of an emergency equipment cannot be determined due to damaged inspection tag, the maintenance staff must: (A; B; ACR; C; CAB; AUD; INV; QC Inspector)
Look up the expiry date on AMOS system and complete another tag and affix to the equipment.
@@Request respective TD and MCC for necessary information and complete another tag and affix to the equipment.
Consider that equipment serviceable for another 4 months.

For VNA aircraft, the correct way to manage the Cabin defect log is: (CAB; IFE; A; B; INV; CMP; QC Inspector; EE)
@@The last copy of Cabin defect log (yellow color) is gathered by maintenance staff and kept at performed station for at least 24 hours. The second copy (pink color) and first copy (white color) is gathered together upon the Cabin defect log completion.
The last copy of Cabin defect log (yellow color) is gathered by maintenance staff and kept at performed station for at least 24 hours. The second copy (pink color) is sent to MCC for monitor and the first copy (white color) is gathered upon the Cabin defect log completion.
The last copy of Cabin defect log (yellow color) is gathered by maintenance staff and kept at performed station for at least 12 hours. The second copy (pink color) and first copy (white color) is gathered together upon the Cabin defect log completion.

For VNA aircraft, in the event of conflict between the regulations of the maintenance manual (LMM) and MEL/CDL/DDG, which document will govern? (A; B; INV; QC Inspector; EE)
LMM.
@@MEL/CDL/DDG.
The document which have stricter regulations.

For VNA aircraft, a hold item can be confirmed as serviceable when: (B; AUD; INV; MP; QC Inspector)
The defect is not recurred in minimum of 3 flights but not excess 3 flight days.
The defect is not recurred in minimum of 3 flights but not excess 7 flight days.
@@The defect is recurred in minimum of 3 flights but not excess 3 flight days.

The use of Variation/Concession is as follow: (B; C; AUD; INV; QC Inspector)
@@Variation is for maintenance task(s) or check(s) cannot be completed within AMS, CMS time limit. Concession is for extending the ADD time limit or deviation from current approved/ accepted maintenance data.
Concession is for maintenance task(s) or check(s) cannot be completed within AMS, CMS time limit. Variation is for extending the ADD time limit or deviation from current approved/ accepted maintenance data.
Variation is for maintenance task(s) or check(s) cannot be completed within AMS, CMS time limit, or deviation from current approved/ accepted maintenance data. Concession is for extending the ADD time limit.

When a defect affects the aircraft’s CAT III landing capability, the maintenance staff must: (B; AUD; INV; PP; MP; QC Inspector; EE)
@@Raise an ADD type B.
Raise an ADD type C.
Raise an ADD type B and raise an OOP item with a 5 flight cycle deadline.

When defueling the aircraft in operation: (A; INV; QC Inspector)
The maintenance staff must communicate with the flight crew before doing so.
The maintenance staff can carry out the defueling without informing the flight crew when permitted by local authority.
@@The maintenance staff can carry out the defueling without informing the flight crew if the task is to draining water in the fuel tanks.

What mean of the Line Checks? (A; B; C; AUD; INV; PP; MP; CMP; QC Inspector)
Checks are performed by Line Maintenance Centers.
Defined as Pre-flight/ Transit check, Terminal/ Daily check, Weekly check, Line check
@@Defined as Pre-flight/ Transit check, Terminal/ Daily check, Weekly check, Line check, Phase check (except A12)

Who is responsible for controlling all daily/ terminal checks and other OPM requirements with interval not more than daily and ensure that they are not due at outstation where does not have capability to perform? (INV; PP; MP; CMP; QC Inspector)
MCC
@@Assigned Technical Division
Line Maintenance Center

When an OPM Requirement is closed or raised during line maintenance, the authorized staff: (A; B; INV; MP; CMP; QC Inspector)
Closes/ raises into OPM Maintenance Requirement Control Sheet (VAECO form 1003) on Techlog
Fills in VAECO Form 5004 (Out of Phase Maintenance Requirement Notice) and sends to MCC
@@All of these answers are correct.

What purpose of  Variation Request? (AUD; INV; MP; CMP; QC Inspector; ACR; B; C; CAB; IFE; EE)
@@To extend the time interval in AMS, CMS
To extend the rectification due date of ADDs
For deviation from current approved/ accepted maintenance data

What purpose of Concession Request? (AUD; INV; MP; CMP; QC Inspector; ACR; B; C; CAB; IFE; EE)
To extend the time interval in AMS, CMS
@@To extend the rectification due date of ADDs and for deviation from current approved/ accepted maintenance data
All of these answers are correct.

When is the Hold Item considered serviceable? (B; C; ACR; INV; MP; QC Inspector; CAB; IFE; EE)
The defect is not recurred in minimum of 3 flights but not excess 5 flight days or 20 flight legs which come later.
@@The defect is recurred in minimum of 3 flights but not excess 5 flight days or 20 flight legs which come later.
The defect is not recurred in minimum of 7 flights but not excess 3 flight days

When raising an ADD that has the operation limit or causes EDTO, RVSM to be downgraded, the authorized staff must: (B; C; INV; PP; MP; CMP; QC Inspector)
Notify to Flight Crew of affected flight
Open another ADD for EDTO, RVSM to be downgraded
@@Notify to respective RTD/ BTD and MCC before commencing the affected flight

What is RVSM? (EE)
Lateral separation minima between aircrafts in airfield.
@@Vertical separation minima between aircrafts in airfield.
RVSM belongs to GNSS-based which navigate all aircrafts in airfield for void collision.

Which of the following documents belongs to VNA’s documents? (EE)
@@Aircraft Maintenance Schedule
Aircraft Maintenance Manual
Maintenance Organization Exposistion

What A/C fleet must be ETDO maintenance? (EE)
All A/C Fleet of VNA must be ETDO maintenance
@@A350 và B787 Fleet must be ETDO maintenance
Only B787 Fleet must be ETDO maintenance

What requirements must VNA's MME documents meet?(EE)
@@Meets VAR and Aircraft Manufacturer requirements
Meets VAR and VAECO requirements
Meets Aircraft Manufacturer and AMO requirements

Purpose EDTO Maintenance Procedures? (EE)
@@This is a procedure for all additional maintenance to be performed on the VNA, B787 and A350 fleet for meeting the upto 180-240 minute EDTO operation requirements regardless the nature of the intended flight (EDTO or non-EDTO).
This is a procedure for all additional maintenance to be performed on the VNA Fleet
This is a procedure for all additional maintenance to be performed on the VNA A350 fleet for meeting the upto 180-240 minute EDTO operation requirements regardless the nature of the intended flight (EDTO or non-EDTO).

Definition of RII (EE)
@@RII inspection is imposed on those tasks that could result in a failure, malfunction, or defect that endangers the safe operation of the aircraft if the task is not completed properly or if you use improper parts or material.
RII inspection is imposed on those tasks that could result in a failure, malfunction, or defect that endangers the safe operation of the aircraft if you use improper parts or material.
RII inspection is imposed on those tasks that could result in a failure, malfunction, or defect that endangers the safe operation of the aircraft if the task is not completed properly.

The information contained in the VAR Part 21 are (EE)
Air Operator Certification and Administration.
Option B. Issuance, Recognition, Renewal of the Certificate of Airworthiness.
@@Option C. Issuance of Certificate for Aircraft and Products, Equipment’s of Aircraft.
Option D. Approved Maintenance Organization.

TSO (Technical Standard Organization) authorization holder must  (EE)
comply with VAR Part 7
comply with VAR Part 10
@@provide all maintenance, overhaul and repair manual to operators
keep a record of aircraft maintenance following VAR Part 5

The requirements for approval a design organization is specified in  (EE)
@@VAR Part 21.
maintenance manual.
VAR Part 18.
VAR Part 9.

Approval of Design Organization is described in. (EE)
VAR Part 21 – Subpart G.
@@VAR Part 21 – Subpart J.
VAR Part 21 – Subpart Q.
VAR Part 5.

In the case CAAV issues Airworthiness Directive relating to safety occurrence that required to have specific inspection (EE)
the proposal of corrective action or inspection or both must be proposed by operator.
@@Proposal of corrective action or inspection or both by TC/ STC holder must be approved by CAAV.
the proposal of corrective action or inspection or both must be followed by operator
the holder of type certificate requires operator to follow the proposal of documents and manuals

What modifications are recorded in the aircraft logbook? (EE)
@@Modifications on the aircraft only.
Modifications on Engine, propeller and aircraft.
Modifications on engine and propeller.
Modifications on APU.

An MMEL is compiled by. (EE)
an air operator and approved by the state of design.
the manufacturer and the AOC company.
@@the design organization.
the state of design.

CAAV Airworthiness Directive shall cover. (EE)
@@Vietnam registered civil aircraft of the type identified in that airworthiness directive.
civil aircrafts.
aircraft above and below 5700Kg MTWA and equipment fitted to them.
aircraft above 5700Kg MTWA and equipment fitted to them.

An Airworthiness Directive carried out on an engine is recorded in. (EE)
@@the Engine Logbook.
the Aircraft Logbook.
the Modification Record Book.
the Technical Logbook.

If an Airworthiness Directive has not been complied with within the flying hour limitations given on the directive, what effect would this have on the engine ? (EE)
The aircraft can be certified fit for flight and continue operation for the period of validity of the certificate.
@@The engine and thus the aircraft is grounded until the directive has been complied with.
The manufacturer can award an extension to the compliance time to enable the engine to remain in operation.
The aircraft can be certified fit for flight and continue operation for 24 hours.

Airworthiness Directive (AD) applicable for Vietnam registered aircraft is issued by. (EE)
The TC holder.
ICAO.
@@CAAV and Competent Authority of the State of Design.
The manufacture.

VAR Part 21 Subpart G applies to. (EE)
@@Manufacture approval
Maintenance Organization approval
Air Operator approval
Design Organization Approval

By CAAV requirement, the airworthiness directive is (EE)
@@issued or recognized by CAAV.
issued by CAAV.
recognized by CAAV.
issued or recognized by aircraft manufacturer.

Who shall be responsible for performing all airworthiness directives and operation directives applicable to aircraft in full and on time? (EE)
The AMO.
The CAAV.
@@The Operator.
The manufacture.

Which are Airworthiness directives source issued and accepted at Vietnam: (EE)
Aircraft operator/ owner / lessee
EASA, FAA.
@@Issued by CAAV or issued by the national aviation authorities of the designer, manufacturer.
CAAV

An airworthiness directive must be complied with. (EE)
before further flight.
as soon as practicable following receipt of the directive.
@@within the time or flying hours limitations given on the directive.
may or may not perform, same as normal modification

Based on the supply responsibilities stated in the contract with each customer, who evaluates part request assessment? (MAP; SI)
Store Inspector
@@Material planner
Store keeper

All Part Requests from MCC, Maintenance center, Internal Shop… will be compiled and displayed at? (MAP, SI)
APN 203
@@APN 204
APN 202

After evaluates part request assessment, if parts/ materials that are under the supply responsibility of other customers, in case the current stock level cannot be met, material planner will? (MAP)
Make requests to buy part for customer
@@Notify customers through Department of Business Planning
There's no need to do anything

Which APN in AMOS is used for creat a transfer order? (MAP)
APN 2014
@@APN 2015
APN 2025

Which department prepare List of recognized tool subcontractors (Form 2062)? (TOC)
MSC
@@SQD
MCC

Which department approve List of recognized tool subcontractors (Form 2062)? (TOC)
MSC
@@SQD
MCC

When the damaged or missing PLACARD/MARKING, what to do?
@@Raise Defect Type B iaw MPL (Tài Liệu Danh Mục Placard/Marking Tối Thiểu Trên Tàu Bay)
Raise Defect Type C iaw MPL
No document refers for defects

According to AMS Document: Terminal/daily checks time for A321 ?
@@48 hours (applied to A321)
Must not exceed one calendar day
24 hours (applied to A321)

What is the main purpose of SOP 9.16? (TOC)
@@To ensure all tools and equipment are managed in accordance with applicable requirements
To ensure all equipment is the most expensive available
To ensure all tools are painted with correct colors

Who is responsible for defining the need of T&E for aircraft maintenance in VAECO? (TOC)
LGC
@@MSC
BPD

Who is responsible for establishing stock level of T&E in VAECO? (TOC)
HAN MCs
@@MSC
CIMB

Who establishes the Maintenance Program for all T&E that required maintenance? (TOC)
DAD Branch
@@MSC
Technical staff

Who is responsible for initiating the training of T&E if necessary? (TOC)
@@MSC
BPD
LGC

Who designs T&E in VAECO? (TOC)
Technical staff
HCM MCs
@@MSC

Who establishes the Calibration Program for all T&E that required calibration? (TOC)
@@MSC
HAN MCs
DAD Branch

Who is responsible for checking and accepting the T&E handed over from LGC? (TOC)
@@MSC
Technical staff
BPD

Who is responsible for keeping T&E and ensuring availability for maintenance activities? (TOC)
Only LGC
@@MSC
Only BPD

Who initiates the usage of equivalent T&E? (TOC)
Technical staff
@@MSC
BPD

Who makes request for supplement of T&E for common usage? (TOC)
Only technical staff
@@MSC
Only customers

What is DAD Branch responsible for regarding T&E? (TOC)
Training all staff worldwide
@@Checking and accepting T&E handed over from LGC
Designing all T&E

Who controls the Maintenance and Calibration Schedule at DAD Branch? (TOC)
HAN MCs only
MSC only
@@DAD Branch

Who is responsible for making request for supplement of T&E at HAN and HCM MCs? (TOC)
Only LGC
Only BPD
@@HAN and HCM MCs

Who sends T&E maintenance request to MSC as the schedule? (TOC)
Only BPD
Only technical staff
@@HAN and HCM MCs

Who assures that maintenance personnel use the appropriate T&E? (TOC)
Only customers
@@HAN and HCM MCs
Only LGC

Who sends the list of maintenance staff under management to MSC and DAD Branch? (TOC)
BPD
Technical staff themselves
@@HAN and HCM MCs

What is CIMB responsible for regarding assigned T&E? (TOC)
@@Controlling, properly using and keeping all assigned T&E
Selling T&E to customers
Destroying old T&E

Who is responsible for properly using T&E IAW manufacturer instructions? (TOC)
Only BPD
Only MSC
@@Technical staff who use the T&E

What must technical staff do when finding a tool is lost or damaged? (TOC)
Hide the information
@@Report to his manager and MSC
Buy a new one immediately

Who is responsible for registering to borrow/return VAECO T&E used by customers? (TOC)
MSC only
@@BPD
Technical staff

What must all tools and equipment pass before use? (TOC)
@@Incoming inspection and have appropriate tags
Customer approval only
Color coding only

What type of T&E can be used for maintenance? (TOC)
Any T&E available in the market
Only T&E painted in blue color
@@Only T&E specified in Technical Data or equivalent one

Can VAECO maintenance staff use self-equipped T&E? (TOC)
@@No, usage is strictly forbidden
Yes, if painted correctly
Yes, anytime

Which procedure controls test and measuring tool equipment? (TOC)
@@Procedure 9.17
Procedure 12.3
Procedure 5.5

How shall T&E be kept? (TOC)
@@IAW requirements of the manufacturer
Only in locked cabinets
In any available space

Where are specific and non-specific T&E to be shared kept? (TOC)
In aircraft cockpit
In personal lockers
@@In the Tool store of MSC/DAD Branch

Where is T&E that has serial number entered? (TOC)
@@In AMOS
In email only
In personal notebook

What form is used to control accessories in a tool-kit? (TOC)
@@VAECO form 2063
VAECO form 9999
VAECO form 5000

What should the contents list of a tool-kit include? (TOC)
Only weights
@@Part No. (if applicable), description of tool and quantity
Only colors

What tag is used for un-serviceable specific T&E? (TOC)
@@Tool Equipment Un-serviceable tag (VAECO Form 0002)
Serviceable tag (VAECO Form 1111)
General tag (VAECO Form 8888)

How often shall temperature and humidity of the tool store be recorded? (TOC)
Once per year
@@At least twice every day
Once per month

What must torque wrenches have to prevent unauthorized adjustment? (TOC)
@@Appropriate end seal and cap
Red paint only
Paper label only

How should torque wrench be set during storage? (TOC)
At mid-range value
@@At its minimum value
At its maximum value

What form is used to record hand-over between LGC and maintenance center? (TOC)
@@Form 7011 (Receiving Delivering Minutes of Tool Equipment)
Form 6666
Form 3333

Who must sign Form 7011 for T&E hand-over? (TOC)
Only customers
Any employee
@@Center directors or delegated persons

Where is a copy of Form 7011 sent? (TOC)
Only to suppliers
Only to customers
@@Finance Department and MSC

Who establishes maintenance program for each T&E? (TOC)
LGC
@@MSC
Customers

What form is used for maintenance program? (TOC)
VAECO form 7777
@@VAECO form 3027
VAECO form 5555

What form is used for maintenance plan? (TOC)
@@VAECO Form 7006
VAECO Form 4444
VAECO Form 2222

What form is used for Tool equipment maintenance worksheet? (TOC)
VAECO Form 1234
VAECO Form 9876
@@VAECO Form 7051

When does MSC list all maintenance required T&E that are expired? (TOC)
On the 1st day every month
On the last day every month
@@On the 20th day every month (or next working day if holiday)

What form is used for maintenance control stamp? (TOC)
VAECO Form 7890
VAECO Form 3210
@@VAECO Form 0023

Where should maintenance control stamp be attached? (TOC)
On the bottom where no one can see
Inside the tool box only
@@At visible position with next soonest maintenance due information

What must be done before attaching new maintenance control stamp? (TOC)
Nothing required
@@Old maintenance control stamp must be removed
Paint over the old stamp

Who can borrow T&E from Main tool stores? (TOC)
@@Only employees on the list that MCs send to MSC and DAD Branch
Anyone in the company
Any visitor

Who registers and controls VAECO's T&E used by customers? (TOC)
@@Assigned BPD staff
Any technical staff
MSC only

What software controls borrowing/returning of T&E at Line Tool Stores? (TOC)
Excel software
@@MMS software
Word software

What software controls borrowing/returning of T&E at Main tool stores? (TOC)
@@AMOS software and Tool Inventory and Control (VAECO Form 7046)
PowerPoint software
Email system only

What must technical staff bring to borrow T&E when Pickslip has not been issued? (TOC)
@@Taskcard/jobcard/work order (Amos Mobile or hardcopy)
Nothing required
Personal ID only

Who checks physical condition and maintenance due date to ensure only serviceable T&E are distributed? (TOC)
@@Tool keeper
CEO
Customer

What form is used for Usage Notice on tools containing fluid? (TOC)
VAECO Form 5432
VAECO Form 8888
@@VAECO Form 0016

What must be checked while borrowing a Toolbox? (TOC)
Only the box weight
Only the box color
@@All items in Toolbox matched with attached Tool list

What form is used when MMS software cannot be used? (TOC)
Personal notebook
Verbal communication only
@@Tool Inventory and Control Record (VAECO Form 7046)

When must borrowed T&E from Tool store be returned? (TOC)
After one month
After one year
@@Before completion of each working shift

What must borrower ensure before returning Toolbox/Tool kit? (TOC)
Only the box is closed
Only one item is returned
@@All items cleaned and matched with attached Tool list

What form must be completed for damaged tool equipment? (TOC)
@@Damaged Tool Equipment Report (VAECO Form 7010)
General report (Form 9999)
Email report only

Where are un-serviceable T&E kept? (TOC)
@@In separate area in Tool store
In personal locker
With serviceable tools

What must user check before using torque wrench? (TOC)
Only the weight
Only the color
@@Cap is in good condition (cap remains intact)

How must torque wrench be set before returning? (TOC)
At any value
At its maximum value
@@At its minimum value

What form is used for list of all hand tools in tool box/crib? (TOC)
VAECO form 7890
VAECO form 1357
@@VAECO form 2063

How long should the list of hand tools be kept at center/department office? (TOC)
One month
@@At least one year
One week

How often is the tool list rechecked and confirmed by manager and director? (TOC)
Every month
@@Every year
Every day

What must all tools in tool box/crib have? (TOC)
@@Relevant approved marking engraved (etched) and corresponding shadow
Only sticker
Only paint color

What is the tool box code for HAN Ramp maintenance center? (TOC)
RSxxxxxx
@@HRMCxxxxxx
BHxxxxxx

What is the tool box code for HAN Base maintenance center? (TOC)
QHxxxxxx
HRMCxxxxxx
@@BHxxxxxx

What is the tool box code for HCM Ramp maintenance center? (TOC)
BSxxxxxx
@@RSxxxxxx
CSxxxxxx

What is the tool box code for DAD Branch? (TOC)
@@RDxxxxx
CIxxxxxx
CHxxxxxx

What is the tool box code for CIMB? (TOC)
QHxxxxxx
QSxxxxxx
@@CIxxxxxx

How can tools that are non-etchable be identified? (TOC)
Not identified at all
@@Color coded by respective center department
Only by weight

Who must register the color scheme chosen for each section? (TOC)
With suppliers
@@With the SQD
With customers

Can uncontrolled tools be used for work on aircraft? (TOC)
@@No, they are not to be used
Yes, anytime
Yes, if painted correctly

What form is used for Lost Tool FOD/ Report? (TOC)
VAECO Form 6666
VAECO Form 3333
@@VAECO Form 7012

When is a tool considered lost? (TOC)
@@If it can't be located after one hour from discovery or at end-of-day check
After one month
After one year

When must Damaged Tool Equipment Report be raised? (TOC)
@@Within 24 hours of discovery
Within one year
Within one month

Is modification to any tool allowed without approval? (TOC)
@@No, only with prior approval from respective director
Yes, without any approval
Yes, anyone can modify

Who may initiate request to fabricate T&E? (TOC)
Only customers
@@Maintenance center/department to MSC
Only suppliers

Who prepares fabrication data of T&E? (TOC)
Only external consultants
Only customers
@@Creator which may be MSC or maintenance center

What form is used for Fabrication instruction? (TOC)
@@VAECO Form 3038
VAECO Form 9999
VAECO Form 1111

What is the P/N format for fabricated tool without OEM P/N? (TOC)
CUSxxxx
@@VMIxxxx (VAECO Manufactured Item)
OEMxxxx

What is the P/N format for fabricated tool with OEM P/N? (TOC)
@@OEM P/N-VAE
OEM P/N-ABC
OEM P/N-XXX

What form is used for Product Acceptance Report? (TOC)
VAECO Form 8888
@@VAECO Form 3030
VAECO Form 5555

Who validates Product Acceptance Report? (TOC)
@@Authorized staff, QC staff and delegated person of division
Only one person
Only customer

Who submits fabricated equipment documents to CAAV for approval to be operated/ used at the apron? (TOC)
BPD
@@SQD
LGC

What form is used for Evaluation of equivalent T&E? (TOC)
VAECO Form 2468
@@VAECO Form 3001
VAECO Form 7777

Is Evaluation of equivalent T&E required for non-specific tool equipment? (TOC)
Yes, always required
Yes, for all tools
@@No, not required if user confirms requirements are satisfied

Who conducts equivalent evaluation of specific T&E? (TOC)
Only suppliers
Only customers
@@MSC in cooperation with tool inspector

What degree of accuracy is required for equivalent T&E? (TOC)
Can be any level
@@Not less than degree recommended by manufacturer
Can be lower

Who approves the equivalency document? (TOC)
@@Tool inspector
Any employee
Customer

What form is used to record acceptance of added items to original T&E? (TOC)
@@VAECO Form 3030
VAECO Form 1234
VAECO Form 5678

Who must sign acceptance report for added items to T&E? (TOC)
Only one person
@@Representative of MSC, Maintenance Center and QC
Only customer

Who contacts customer for necessary documents of customer provided T&E? (TOC)
MSC only
@@BPD Director
Technical staff

Who manages expiry date of customer provided T&E? (TOC)
MSC only
LGC only
@@Customer

What form is used for T&E Refusal Report? (TOC)
VAECO Form 3210
@@VAECO Form 7013
VAECO Form 9999

What notice is attached to customer provided T&E after acceptance? (TOC)
General sticker only
@@Usage Notice (VAECO Form 0016) showing it's accepted and only for respective customer
No notice required

Who manages customer provided T&E in appropriate tool store? (TOC)
@@MSC/DAD Branch
Only LGC
Only customers

Who has responsibility to control calibration/maintenance schedule of customer provided T&E? (TOC)
@@Customer
LGC only
MSC only

What tag is attached when customer provided T&E reaches expired date? (TOC)
Serviceable tag
@@Tool Equipment Un-Serviceable Tag (VAECO Form 0002)
No tag required

Can maintenance staff use customer provided T&E for other customers? (TOC)
Yes, always
No, never
@@Only if customer accepts with written agreement

How long are certificates and calibration history archived at MSC? (TOC)
@@At least 3 years after removing item from service
1 week
12 months

How long are equivalent assessment records retained? (TOC)
6 months
@@At least 3 years after removing item from service
2 weeks

How long are maintenance/repair records archived? (TOC)
1 year
@@At least 3 years since maintenance date
1 month

How long are fabrication data/records kept? (TOC)
6 months
@@At least 3 years since fabricated tool withdrawn from service
1 year

What is the purpose of SOP 9.15? (TOC)
To paint tools
To sell tools
@@To ensure T&E are checked/inspected and accepted before use IAW regulatory requirements

Who is responsible for primary inspection and acceptance of T&E? (TOC)
Customers
@@LGC
Suppliers

Who is responsible for final inspection and acceptance of T&E? (TOC)
Only customers
@@MSC/DAD Branch
Only BPD

Must all T&E go through inspection/acceptance process before using at VAECO? (TOC)
No, not required
@@Yes, must go through inspection/acceptance process
Only for expensive tools

Who must issue calibration certificate/report? (TOC)
@@Calibration agency accepted by VAECO SQD
Any company
Any individual

Where are newly purchased/borrowed T&E segregated? (TOC)
In any area
@@At receiving area to perform incoming inspection
In customer area

What must Store Inspector check during incoming inspection? (TOC)
Only weight
@@Information in T&E certificate/document, physical condition, certificates sufficiency
Only color

What is required for purchased specific T&E? (TOC)
Only email
Only verbal confirmation
@@Certificate of compliance/conformance or equivalent documents

What form is used for Receiving Delivering minute of Tool Equipment? (TOC)
VAECO Form 6543
VAECO Form 8888
@@VAECO Form 7011

What form does Store Inspector issue for discrepancies? (TOC)
Email only
General report (Form 9999)
@@Discrepancy Report (VAECO Form 4004)

Where are T&E with discrepancy held? (TOC)
With serviceable tools
In main storage
@@In quarantine area

What is P/N format for outside purchased tool without P/N? (TOC)
VMIxxxx
CUSxxxx
@@OPIxxxx (Outside Purchased Item)

Who carries out acceptance at MSC/DAD Branch? (TOC)
@@Tool controller
Only customer
Any employee

What form lists Recognized Tool Subcontractors? (TOC)
@@VAECO Form 2062
VAECO Form 5555
VAECO Form 7890

What must Tool controller do if calibration agency is not listed? (TOC)
Reject immediately
@@Provide documents to SQD for review and approval IAW SOP 10.6
Accept immediately

What label is affixed to tool not calibrated at VAECO's laboratories? (TOC)
No label required
@@Calibration Control Label (VAECO Form 0004)
General label (Form 9999)

What label is affixed if calibration is not required? (TOC)
@@Calibration Not Required label (VAECO Form 0018)
General label
Serviceable label

What is maximum calibration interval if no information in certificate? (TOC)
10 years
5 years
@@Not more than 1 year

What must Tool controller check on torque wrenches after calibration? (TOC)
Only color
@@End seal applied properly and cap in good condition
Only weight

What form is used for Calibration result evaluation report? (TOC)
VAECO Form 9876
VAECO Form 1234
@@VAECO Form 7022

Where are original certificates kept? (TOC)
At supplier office
At customer office
@@At MSC/DAD Branch

Where are original technical documents kept? (TOC)
@@At Technical Library
At customer office
In personal files

How long must certificates and documents be kept? (TOC)
@@At least 03 years since tool equipment removed from service
1 month
1 week

Who makes paper/soft copy of technical document for user? (TOC)
Supplier
@@MSC/DAD Branch
Customer

Who updates Maintenance Program for new tool equipment? (TOC)
@@TD of MSC
LGC
Customer

What does CRTE stand for? (TOC)
Color Required Tool Equipment
Customer Required Tool Equipment
@@Calibration Required Tool and Equipment

Who is responsible for controlling calibration plan for all CRTE? (TOC)
@@MSC
LGC only
Customers

Who sends CRTE to approved tool subcontractor? (TOC)
@@LGC
MSC only
Technical staff

What must technician verify before using CRTE? (TOC)
Only weight
Only color
@@Status and calibration due date of CRTE

To what standard must CRTE calibration be traceable? (TOC)
@@Standard derived from NIST or ILAC members or equipment manufacturer
Any standard
No standard required

What label is attached to serviceable CRTE? (TOC)
@@Calibration Control label (VAECO Form 0004) or Calibration Stamp (Form 0021)
Any sticker
No label required

What form lists all CRTE in VAECO? (TOC)
VAECO Form 7046
VAECO Form 2064
@@VAECO Form 7016

When must MSC issue List of tool and equipment to be calibrated? (TOC)
Randomly
@@On 20th day every month (or next working day if holiday)
On 1st day every month

What form is used for List of tool and equipment to be calibrated? (TOC)
@@VAECO Form 7003
VAECO Form 3031
VAECO Form 7001

What form is used for Calibration/repair/maintenance request? (TOC)
VAECO Form 7003
VAECO Form 7046
@@VAECO Form 7001

What form is used for Significant Out of Tolerance Report? (TOC)
VAECO Form 1357
VAECO Form 2468
@@VAECO Form 7009

What form is used for Function/Usage Purpose Change Request? (TOC)
VAECO Form 1003
@@VAECO Form 7008
VAECO Form 2031

What form is used for Overdue Calibration Notice? (TOC)
VAECO Form 7002
@@VAECO Form 7005
VAECO Form 7046

How long are records of calibrated equipment kept at MSC? (TOC)
1 month
@@Three (3) years since last calibration
1 week

What label is attached to CRTE with limited function/accuracy downgraded? (TOC)
@@Caution label (VAECO Form 0019) and Usage Notice (VAECO Form 0016)
No label required
Only serviceable label

Who is responsible for evaluating training requirements of T&E when documents are received? (TOC)
Training Center evaluates training requirements of T&E
@@MSC evaluates training requirements of T&E
Human Resource Department evaluates training requirements of T&E

What form is used to establish the List of Training Required Tool & Equipment? (TOC)
VAECO Form 3035
@@VAECO Form 3033
VAECO Form 3030

How many departments receive the List of Training Required Tool & Equipment from MSC? (TOC)
Three departments
One department
@@Two departments

Which department is responsible for preparing the training course after receiving the list from MSC? (TOC)
Human Resource Department
@@Training Center
Maintenance Center

What type of training is required for equipment that are easy to operate? (TOC)
Classroom theoretical training only
Online training module
@@Practical hand-on or shelf training

Which department does MSC cooperate with when necessary to evaluate training requirements? (TOC)
Quality Assurance Department
Human Resource Department
@@Appropriate maintenance center

Equipment using high pressure of which systems are considered for training requirements? (TOC)
@@Hydraulic/pneumatic/electrical systems only
Fuel/oil/water systems only
Cooling/heating/ventilation systems only

What is one reason equipment can easily cause operation faults according to the procedure? (TOC)
Due to weather conditions
@@Due to human factor
Due to equipment age

Who establishes the List of Training Required Tool & Equipment? (TOC)
Training Center establishes the list
Human Resource Department establishes the list
@@MSC establishes the list

What does MSC evaluate after receiving document and information of T&E? (TOC)
Equipment maintenance schedule
@@Training requirements of T&E
Equipment purchase price

Equipment requiring setup, calibration, or adjustment before use is considered as having what type of instruction? (TOC)
Simple instruction for usage
Basic instruction for usage
@@Complicated instruction for usage

Which department is responsible for qualifying instructors? (TOC)
MSC
@@Training Center
Human Resource Department

What is the main purpose of training personnel in the use of T&E according to this procedure? (TOC)
To increase equipment sales
@@To ensure not injuring to user and damaging to equipment/aircraft
To reduce training costs

Equipment used for what purpose must be evaluated for training requirements? (TOC)
For office administration only
@@For lifting purposes
For storage purposes only

When does manufacturer's requirement for training become a criterion for evaluation? (TOC)
When manufacturer suggests optional training
@@When manufacturer requires user must be trained before use
When manufacturer offers free training

What can be affected if equipment is operated without proper training? (TOC)
Equipment warranty period
Equipment color and appearance
@@Airworthiness of aircraft/aircraft component

Which form number is sent to Human Resource Department for developing training? (TOC)
@@VAECO Form 3033
VAECO Form 2033
VAECO Form 4033

How many main reasons are listed for evaluating training requirements of T&E? (TOC)
Two reasons
Four reasons
@@Three reasons

What does VAECO use many T&Es for according to this section? (TOC)
For office equipment maintenance
@@For aircraft and aircraft component maintenance activities
For building maintenance activities

What information base does MSC use to evaluate training requirements? (TOC)
Equipment purchase date and warranty
Equipment color and size specifications
@@Equipment operation procedures and manufacturer requirements
