How many kind of wiring harness installed on CFM Engine? (B2)
1
2
3

What does harness HCJxxx means? (B2)
This harness is belong to core section
This harness is belong to fan section
Both A & B

Can Engine wiring harness be replaced? (B2)
Yes but need approved from CFM
Yes refer AMM
No.
ATA71

For CFM56, the thrust reverser cowl doors are opened: (A, B1, B2)
Electrically by a motor or manually and secured by a hold open rod.
Hydraulically or manually and secured by a hold open rod.
Hydraulically and secured by a hold open rod

The air intake cowl, the fan cowl, the thrust reverser cowl and the primary exhaust (primary nozzle and center body). (A, B1, B2)
The air intake cowl, the fan cowl, the thrust reverser cowl and the common nozzle assembly.
The air intake cowl, the fan cowl, the thrust reverser cowl and the center body.

Which cowls incorporate a lightning protection system? (B1)
Fan cowl and thrust reverser cowl
Inlet cowl and fan cowl
Inlet cowl, fan cowl and thrust reverser cowl.

The fan cowl hold open rods are:(A, B1, B2)
Telescopic type with fixed open position at 40 degree.
Telescopic type with 2 positions: 40 degree for routine maintenance and 55 degree for increased access.
Telescopic type with 3 positions: 30 degree for routine maintenance, 40 degree for ECU removal access and 55 degree for increased access.

What is one of the major structural and aerodynamic components of the engine?(B1)
Fan/Booster Rotor
Fan/Booster Stator
Fan frame.

The engine is attached to the pylon by (A, B1, B2)
FWD and AFT mounts.
FWD, middle and AFT mounts.
Three mounts.

The FAN cowl door is held in position by: (A, B1, B2)
One hold open rod
One hydraulic  actuator
Two hold open rods.

Each thrust reverser “C” duct is opened by: (A, B1, B2)
One electric actuator
One pneumatic  actuator
One hydraulic actuator

The power plant drain system is located: (A, B1, B2)
At the bottom of engine
At the rear part of pylon
Both A and B.

For CFM56, the fan cowl is equipped with: (A, B1, B2)
Three (3) latches
Four (4) latches
Five (5) latches

For CFM56, the thrust reverser cowl is equipped with: (A, B1, B2)
Three (3) latches
Four (4) latches
Five (5) latches.

The forward mount: (B1, B2)
Carries the engine torque, thrust and side loads.
Carries the engine torque, vertical and side loads.
Carries the engine thrust, vertical and side loads.

The aft mount: (B1, B2)
Carries the engine torque, thrust and side loads.
Carries the engine torque, vertical and side loads.
Carries the engine thrust, vertical and side loads.

Can be replacement engine with the air intake cowl installed?(B1)
Yes, Engine can be replacement with or without the air intake cowl installed.
No, Engine cannot replacement with the air intake cowl installed.
No, Engine only can be replacement without the air intake cowl installed.
ATA72

The aft sump is in the:(B1)
Fan frame
Turbine rear frame
Between fan frame and turbine rear frame

When the engine is to be preserved and stored, it is recommended that(B1)
The variable bleed valves (VBV) must be closed.
The variable stator vanes (VSV) must be closed.
The booster stage and bleed valve (BSBV) must be closed.

In case of engine FOD associated with normal parameters: (B1)
The borescope inspection shall be performed to make sure all the components in good conditions.
The borescope inspection may be delayed provided FOD did not result in missing material to the fan blades. Service extension is permitted on both engines in the event of a dual engine FOD.
The borescope inspection may be delayed provided FOD did not result in missing material to the fan blades. Service extension is only permitted on one engine in the event of a dual engine FOD.

The engine washing is carried out when: (B1)
The EGT is below 660C.
The EGT is below 1500C
The EGT is below 2000C

The aircraft external cleaning task can contribute to(B1, B2)
Oil savings
Hydraulic savings
Fuel savings

The trim balance bolts are installed in(B1)
Spinner Front Cone
Spinner Rear Cone
Fan disk

The vibration survey is required if(B1)
More than a pair of fan blades or one fan blade (not a pair) are replaced.
More than two pairs of fan blades or one fan blade (not a pair) are replaced.
More than three pairs of fan blades or one fan blade (not a pair) are replaced.

The mechanical coupling between the HPC rotor and the TGB is(B1)
Inlet gearbox
Outlet gearbox
Angle gearbox

Which component is NOT mounted in accessory gear box housing? (B1, B2)
Lubrication unit
N2 speed sensor
TRF accelerometer

The hand cranking pad is located: (B1, B2)
On the front face of  main gearbox (forward looking aft )
On the starter
On the rear face of main gearbox (forward looking aft).

How is the accessory gearbox driven? (B1)
By the HP rotor.
By the LP rotor.
By the HP rotor via the transfer gearbox

How many bearing compartments does the engine have? (B1, B2)
1
2
3.

For CFM56, what bearings support the HP rotor? (B1)
Nº3 (dual bearing) and Nº4.
Nº2 and Nº4.
Nº2 and Nº3 (dual bearing).

For CFM56, what bearings support the LP rotor? (B1)
N01, N02 and N03 (dual bearing).
N03 (dual bearing) and N04.
N01, N02 and N05.

The CFM56 LP rotor (N1) is made of (B1)
The fan and the booster compressor driven by the five stage lp turbine.
Four stage compressor driven by a two stage turbine.
Fan and a four-stage compressor driven by a four stage turbine.

The CFM56 HP (N2) rotor is made of (B1)
9-stage compressor driven by a single stage turbine.
10-stage hp compressor driven by a 2-stage hp turbine.
12-stage compressor driven by a single stage turbine.
ATA73

The purpose of the fuel return valve is(B1, B2)
To return fuel back to the tank.
To return fuel back to the LP fuel pump inlet.
To return fuel back to the servo fuel heater inlet.

Which component prevents ice from entering the control servos inside the hydromechanical fuel unit (HMU)?(B1)
FRV
Oil cooler
Servo fuel heater

The servo fuel heater is(B1)
A heat exchange between cool fuel from the tank and hot fuel from the return line occurs by conduction and convection inside the unit.
A heat exchange between oil and fuel occurs by conduction and convection inside the unit.
A heat exchange between air and fuel occurs by conduction and convection inside the unit.

The servo fuel heater system has(B1)
No fuel anti-clogging valve
Fuel anti-clogging valve
Oil anti-clogging valve

Engine protection is in term of(B1)
Fan speed (N1), core speed (N2) and engine vibration (N1/N2) to prevent exceedance of certified red lines.
Fan speed (N1), core speed (N2) and engine oil pressure to prevent exceedance of certified red lines.
Fan speed (N1), core speed (N2) and Engine turbine exhaust gas temperature monitoring (EGT) to prevent exceedanceof certified red lines.

The engine idles control is comprised of (B1, B2)
Minimum idle and ground idle
Minimum idle and maximum idle
Minimum idle and approach idle.

During the reverser is in transit (B1, B2)
The ECU sets the engine at idle.
The ECU sets the engine at climb.
N1 follows throttle demand.

What controls the engine in all operating regimes? (B1, B2)
FADEC
EVMU
EIU.

The function of the deactivation lever located on the HCU is to (A, B1, B2)
De-energized the isolation valve solenoid
Isolate hydraulic supply
Energized the isolation valve solenoid.

How can ECU be supplied by power? (B1, B2)
By Aircraft electrical network
By dedicated alternator generator
Both A & B
By HOT BAT BUS

When does Alternator generator operate and supply power to ECU? (B1, B2)
When ENGINE at Idle speed
When 10% N2 reach.
When 10% N1 reach.
Always operate provided Aircraft is powered on.

45. Which connector of ECU used for Identification plug? (B2)
J14
B.J15
C.J13
D.J4

The CFM56 FADEC system of each engine consists of (B1, B2)
An EEC, EIU, EVMU and its peripheral components and sensors.
A dual channel electronic control unit (ECU), with its associated peripherals.
A dual channel electronic control box (ECU) and an engine interface unit (EIU).

Before performing the operational test of the FADEC on GND (with Engine motoring), you must: (B1, B2)
Make sure that the travel ranges of the flight control surfaces are clear before you motor the engine. Movement of the flight control surfaces can be dangerous and/or cause damage
Make sure that the safety pin is installed in the N/W-steering deactivation electrical-box. Movement of nose wheels can cause damage.
Make sure that the thrust reverser is locked. If not, the thrust reverser can operate accidentally and cause injury to personnel and/or damage to the reverser

The FADEC automatically selects a continuous relight: (B1, B2)
In case of engine interface unit (EIU) failure only.
If the ANTI ICE pb is selected ONor In case of EIU failure or engine flame-out.
In case of electronic control unit (ECU) failure only.

The ENG FADEC GND PWR is used to: (B1, B2)
Enable the pilots to start the engines automatically.
Supply the computers dedicated to the engines when the engines are not running.
Enable the pilots to start the engines manually.

How is the thrust rating changed on the CFM56? (B1, B2)
By change the ECU.
By a setting up in MCDU.
By an engine data programming plug.

The HP fuel Shut-Off Valve is:
A line replaceable unit upstream of the HMU.
A line replaceable unit downstream of the HMU.
Not a line replaceable unit, in the HMU.

How is the fuel LP VALVE controlled?(B1, B2)
By the Master lever or Fire P/B SW.
By the EEC and the Master lever.
By the EEC and Fire P/B SW.
ATA74

Ignition systems are controlled by: (B1, B2)
Electronic Control Unit (ECU) in automatic start mode.
Engine Interface Unit (EIU) in manual start mode.
Electronic Control Unit (ECU) in automatic and manual start mode.
Engine Interface Unit (EIU) in automatic and manual start mode.

What is the purpose of the fuel return valve in the recirculation system? (B1, B2)
To maintain engine oil, IDG oil and fuel temperature within limits.
To provide better fuel filtering.
To depressurize the fuel system at engine shut-down.

What is the purpose of the ENGINE MASTER switch? (B1, B2)
To open or close the LP and HP fuel Shut-Off Valve.
To command and reset the FADEC functions.
Both to open or close the HP fuel Shut-Off Valve and to command and reset the FADEC functions.

With engine running, continuous ignition can be selected via the ECU (B1, B2)
Automatically by the EIU.
Manually using the master switch.
Manually using the rotary selector.

The ignition system uses : (B1, B2)
28 VAC from aircraft
115 VAC from aircraft
115 VAC from dedicated alternator
ATA75

The active clearance control (ACC) system ensures: (B1, B2)
Better turbines efficiency
Better turbine`s blades cooling
Better turbine`s vanes cooling

The purpose of the LP and HP turbine clearance control systems is to: (B1, B2)
Reduce wear of the turbine blades.
Prevent excessive nacelle temperature.
Optimize engine performance.

The compressor airflow control of the CMF56 includes (B1, B2)
A variable bleed valve (VBV) system and a variable stator vane (VSV) system.
A BSBV system, a VSV system and bleed valves at the 7th and 10th stages of the HPC.
A booster stage bleed valve system and a variable stator vane (VSV) system.

The CFM56 engine air system includes: (B1, B2)
The compressor airflow control, turbine clearance control, transient bleed and cooling.
The compressor airflow, turbine clearances control, cooling and pressurizing airflows.
The compressor airflow control and turbine clearance control.

What is used to cool the fan and core compartments? (B1, B2)
Ram air for both compartments.
Fan air both compartments.
Ram air for the fan compartment and fan air for the core compartment.

A nacelle temperature sensor monitors: (B1, B2)
The accessory gearbox area temperature only
The pylon area temperature only
The High Pressure turbine area temperature only
The core compartment exit temperature.

The thrust setting parameter is(B1, B2)
N1
N2
EPR

Thrust throttle lever detents are(B1, B2)
TO/GA, FLX, CR, IDLE, REV
TO/GA, FLX/MCT, CL, IDLE, REV
TO/GA, FLX/MCT, CR, IDLE, REV

The purpose of using FLEXIBLE TAKE-OFF is (B1, B2)
To obtain reduced thrust operation.
To obtain increased thrust operation.
To obtain maximum thrust operation.

Two available thrust setting modes are (B1, B2)
The autothrust mode and the active mode.
The autothrust mode and the manual mode.
The autothrust mode and the selected mode.

The ATHR de-activation and ATHR disengagement are achieved (B1, B2)
By action on the disconnect pushbutton switch located on the throttle control levers.
By pressing the ATHR pushbutton switch provided that the ATHR was engaged.
By selection of the reverse thrust.
Either of above

When ATHR is deactivated (due to FMGC command or failure) (B1, B2)
The thrust is frozen to the actual value at the time of the deactivation.
The thrust is increased to the value corresponding to the throttle lever upper detent at the time of the deactivation.
The thrust is decreased to the value corresponding to the throttle lever lower detent at the time of the deactivation.

On ground, as soon as the engine is running, the computation of thrust limit parameter is initialized in (B1, B2)
MCL mode
FLEX/MCT mode
MTO/GA mode

Alpha floor protection is (B1, B2)
Part of autothrust function
Manually selected by pilots
Automatically activated by EIU

The A320/321 engines throttle control levers can (B1, B2)
Only be moved manually.
Move automatically in autothrust mode
Be moved manually or automatically.

What can provide closure of the HPSOV? (B1, B2)
The related ECU only
The related ECU or the engine fire push button
Directly from master lever to OFF or respective ECU during engine starting.

When the throttle lever is between two detents, the thrust rating limit corresponds to: (B1, B2)
Upper  detent position
Lower  detent position
Actual throttle lever position.
ATA77

The vibration parameters for display on ECAM:(B1, B2)
Are sent directly from EVMU.
Are sent by EVMU through DMCs.
Are sent by EVMU to DMCs though SDACs.

Where is PS12 sensor located?(B1, B2)
At the outlet of HP compressor
Downstream from OGV
At the Fan Frame.
AT the booster discharge pressure.

Which sensor used for EGT indication?(B1, B2)
T49.5
T5
T Case
T3

Which parameters can speed sensors supply for ECU?(B1, B2)
N1, N2, VIB
N1, N2
N1 and VIB
N2 and VIB

How many thermocouples used to measure EGT?(B1, B2)
4
6
9
12

Where can the maximum value (N1, N2 or EGT) be read if the engine has exceeded the operational limits? (B1, B2)
From DMC
From ECU last leg report.
From DMU.

The engine parameters sent directly to the DMCs for ECAM display by the Electronic Control Unit (ECU) are: (B1, B2)
N1, N2, Fuel Used, EGT.
N1, Fuel Flow, T2.
N1, N2, EGT, Fuel Flow
N2, EGT, P2.

The fuel used indication is reset to zero: (B1, B2)
Five minutes after engine shut down
Through the MCDU.
At each engine start.
ATA78

Where is located the hydraulic SOV? (B1)
Downstream of the HCU
Inside the HCU
Upstream of the HCU.

How is the thrust reverser controlled? (B1, B2)
By the ECU only.
By the ECU and the two conditions from Spoiler Elevator Computers and EIU inhibition relay.
Directly by the reverser lever

Prior to performing maintenance on the thrust reverser: (A, B1, B2)
The yellow hydraulic system must be depressurized.
Deactivate the thrust reverser by placing the lever in the inhibition position on the hydraulic control unit (HCU).
Deactivate the thrust reverser by disconnecting the hydraulic supply lines.

The CMF56 thrust reverser system consists of (A, B1, B2)
Two translating sleeves
4 pivoting blocker doors,
4 pivoting blocker doors and cascade vanes

The CFM56 thrust reverser system is (B1, B2)
Hydraulically supplied by the corresponding hydraulic pump on the engine.
Isolated from the hydraulic supply by an engine fire shut off valve.
Designed for use on the ground and in flight to reduce aircraft landing roll.

When is it possible to operate the thrust reverser system? (B1, B2)
On ground only.
On ground or in flight.
In flight only.

The CFM56 thrust reverser system is controlled (B1, B2)
Through the ECU from the two reverser latching levers located on the throttle control levers.
By the ECU only
Directly by the reverser lever

Is there any mechanical links to open 4 blocker doors manually at the same time?(B1, B2)
No, each blocker door is open individually.
Yes, by means of the manual drives to turn the flexible shaft of synchronizing system.
Yes, through the CFDS menu.
ATA79

The engine indicating oil pressure is: (B1, B2)
Main supply line pressure
Differential pressure between main supply line and vent line
Scavenge line pressure.

What happens when the main oil filter is clogged? (B1, B2)
The oil flows through the bypass valve and the backup filter.
The IDG oil temperature increases.
The engine oil temperature increases.

What does the master chip detector do in case of metal particules detection?(B1, B2)
It sends a signal to the ECU
It provides a warning to the ECAM system.
It operates a visual indicator for ground inspection
ATA80

During start, in case of ignition delay, the FADEC will(B1)
Automatically cancel the start sequence after an automatic dry motoring.
Automatically operate both ignition exciters after an automatic dry motoring sequence.
Automatically operate standby ignition exciter after an automatic dry motoring sequence.

Automatic start will be aborted automatically by the FADEC(B1)
When N2 is below 16%
When N2 is below 43%
When N2 is below 50%

The FADEC has the capability to turn fuel off(B1)
Only during automatic ground start
If engine fire occurs
If engine master warnings appear.

How does the starter operate? (A, B1, B2)
Hydraulically
Electrically
Pneumatically.

Which statement below is correct? (B1, B2)
The starter valve is pneumatically operated and electrically controlled by ECU
The starter motor is pneumatically operated and electrically controlled by ECU
Both above statements.

Which statement is correct? (B1, B2)
The starter  accelerates N1 spool through the gearbox
The starter accelerates  N2 spool through  the gearbox
The starter accelerates N1 and N2 spool through the gearbox.

If the starter air valve solenoid is INOP? (A, B1, B2)
You cannot start the engine.
You can still start the engine using manual start sequence.
You can only start engine by operating the SAV manually using the cranking tool.
You can only start engine by operating the SAV manually using its handle.

The engine manual start push buttons to operate the corresponding start valves in (B1, B2)
The manual start mode or during an engine cranking.
The manual start mode.
During an engine cranking.
