ICAO requires Member States to require aircraft operators and maintenance organizations to develop a safety management system (SMS) as outlined in the annex: (Level 1)
Annex 11.
@@Annex 6.
Annex 14.
Annex 16.

ICAO requires Member States to require which of the following service providers to build a safety management system (SMS)? (Level 1)
@@Aircraft operators, aircraft maintenance organizations, aviation staff training organizations, Air traffic service providers and airport service providers.
Air traffic service providers and airport service providers.
Aircraft operators, aircraft maintenance organizations.
Air traffic service providers.

ICAO requires Member States to require that aviation personnel training organizations must build a safety management system (SMS) as outlined in the annex: (Level 1)
@@Annex 1.
Annex 6.
Annex 14.
Annex 15.

ICAO requires Member States to require air traffic service providers to build a safety management system (SMS) as outlined in the annex: (Level 1)
Annex 1.
@@Annex 11.
Annex 14.
Annex 15.

ICAO requires Member States to stipulate that airport and airport providers must build a safety management system (SMS) as outlined in the annex: (Level 1)
Annex 6.
Annex 11.
@@Annex 14.
Annex 15.

According to the 1944 Chicago Convention, the responsibility for investigating aircraft accidents belongs to the State: (Level 1)
@@Country where the accident occurred. 
Country of aircraft registration.
Country operating aircraft.
Country of designing aircraft.

How many annexes are there to the 1944 Chicago Convention? (Level 1)
16.
17.
18
@@19.

Which annex of the 1944 Chicago Convention regulates aircraft operations? (Level 1)
@@6.
8.
13.
14

Which annex of the 1944 Chicago Convention regulates the investigation of aircraft incidents and accidents? (Level 1)
6.
8.
@@13.
14

Which annex of the 1944 Chicago Convention regulates airworthiness standards? (Level 1)
6.
@@8.
13.
14

Which sub-convention of the 1944 Chicago Convention regulates the transport of dangerous goods? (Level 1)
6.
8.
@@18.
19.

Which annex of the 1944 Chicago Convention regulates the nationality registration of aircraft? (Level 1)
@@7.
8.
9.
10.

The set of regulations on civil aviation safety in the field of aircraft and aircraft operations takes effect from the date: (Level 1)
January 27, 2010.
January 27, 2011.
@@January 27, 2012.
January 27, 2013.

According to the provisions of the Civil Aviation Safety Regulations in the field of aircraft and ship operations, aircraft maintenance technical staff must be no less than: (Level 1)
21 years old. 
22 years old. 
@@18 years old. 
19 years old. 

According to the regulations in the Civil Aviation Safety Regulations in the field of aircraft and ship operations, flight attendants must not be less than: (Level 1)
@@18 years old. 
19 years old
21 years old. 
22 years old. 

According to the provisions of the Civil Aviation Safety Regulations in the field of aircraft and ship operations, the pilot of an air transport aircraft must be no less than: (Level 1)
18 years old. 
19 years old
@@21 years old. 
22 years old. 

According to the provisions of the Civil Aviation Safety Regulations in the field of aircraft and ship operations, the pilot of a commercial transport aircraft must be not less than: (Level 1)
@@18 years old. 
19 years old
21 years old. 
22 years old. 

A certificate of airworthiness is issued when the aircraft meets which of the following conditions? (Level 1)
The technical conditions of the aircraft complies with the type of design approved by the aviation authority of the country where the aircraft is registered and the aircraft is safe for the suitable form of operation and the aircraft meets the requirements of the standards applied to the airworthiness stipulated by the country where the aircraft is registered. 
The technical conditions of the aircraft complies with the type of design approved by the aviation authority of the country where the design of the aircraft is done and the aircraft is safe for the suitable form of operation and the aircraft meets the requirements of the standards applied to the airworthiness stipulated by the country where the aircraft is manufactured. 
@@The technical conditions of the aircraft complies with the type of design approved by the aviation authority of the country where the design of the aircraft is done and the aircraft is safe for the suitable form of operation and the aircraft meets the requirements of the standards applied to the airworthiness stipulated by the country where the aircraft is registered. 
 error

According to the provisions of the Civil Aviation Safety Regulations on aircraft and ship operations - Part 12, the aircraft maintenance program (AMS) is developed by: (Level 1)
Aircraft maintenance organization.
Aircraft manufacturer.
@@Aircraft operators.
Aircraft production organization.

Which country approves the aircraft maintenance program (AMS)? (Level 1)
@@Country of registration.
Country of the operator.
Country of design.
Country of manufacturing.

According to the definition in the Civil Aviation Safety Regulations for aircraft and aircraft operations - Part 5, Maintenance is: (Level 1)
These are types of activities to inspect, repair, replace, overhaul, improve or repair damage to aircraft or aircraft equipment, performed individually or in combination with different types of activities.
A type of check performed before each flight to ensure that the aircraft is qualified to fly as planned. 
@@Is the performance of required work to ensure the maintenance of airworthiness standards of aircraft, including one or a combination of overhauls, inspections, replacements, repair of damage, and implementation of modifications.structural improvements or repairs.
These are types of activities to inspect, repair, replace, overhaul, improve or repair damage to aircraft or aircraft equipment.

Which part of the Civil Aviation Safety Regulations on aircraft and aircraft operations issued under Circular 01/2011/TT-BGTVT regulates aircraft nationality registration? (Level 1)
Part 1.
@@Part 2.
Part 3.
Part 4.

Which part of the Civil Aviation Safety Regulations in the field of aircraft and aircraft operations issued under Circular 01/2011/TT-BGTVT regulates approval of maintenance organizations? (Level 1)
Part 3.
Part 4.
@@Part 5.
Part 7.

Which part of the Civil Aviation Safety Regulations in the field of aircraft and aircraft operations issued under Circular 01/2011/TT-BGTVT regulates the reporting and investigation of aircraft incidents and accidents? fly? (Level 1)
Part 18.
@@Part 19.
Part 20.
Part 21.

Which part of the Civil Aviation Safety Regulations on aircraft and aircraft operations issued under Circular 01/2011/TT-BGTVT regulates aviation personnel licenses? (Level 1)
Part 5.
Part 6.
@@Part 7.
Part 9.

Validity period of the Certificate of airworthiness. (Level 1)
06 months.
12 months.
@@06 months for the first issue and 12 months for subsequent renewal.
24 months.

Which part of the Civil Aviation Safety Regulations in the field of aircraft and aircraft operations issued under Circular 01/2011/TT-BGTVT regulates the duration of duty, rest...of flight crew? (Level 1)
@@Part 15 .
Part 16.
Part 17.
Part 20.

“MEL” is an English abbreviation for ? (Level 1)
@@Minimum equipment list.
List of aircraft configuration deviations.
List of equipment.
Master equipment list

Which part of the Civil Aviation Safety Regulations on aircraft and aircraft operations issued under Circular 01/2011/TT-BGTVT regulates the transportation of dangerous goods by air? (Level 1)
@@Part 18.
Part 19.
Part 20.
Part 21.

Normally, the Certificate of Approval for a maintenance organization is valid as: (Level 1)
06 months from date of issue.
@@12 months from date of issue.
24 months from date of issue.
36 months from date of issue.

A large airplane is one that has an approved maximum takeoff weight: (Level 1)
>= 2730 Kg.
@@>= 5700 Kg.
>= 20000 Kg.
>= 70000 Kg

A large helicopter is a helicopter with an approved maximum takeoff weight: (Level 1)
@@>= 2730 Kg.
>= 5700 Kg.
>= 20000 Kg.
>= 70000 Kg.

The validity period of the aircraft maintenance technician (AMT) license is: (Level 1)
2 years.
3 years.
@@5 years.
7 years.

Concept of aircraft? (Level 1)
@@Aircraft is a device that is held in the atmosphere by interaction with the air, including airplanes, helicopters, gliders, airships and other flying devices, except for devices that are held in the atmosphere by interaction with air reflected from the earth's surface.
Aircraft are devices that are held in the atmosphere by interacting with the air, including airplanes, helicopters, gliders, and airships.
Aircraft include airplanes, helicopters, gliders, airships and other flying devices.
Aircraft is a device that are held in the atmosphere by interaction with air reflected from the earth's surface

Time limit for reporting aircraft incidents is: (bank ko chọn đáp án, theo CAL 2006) (Level 1)
24 hours.
48 hours.
@@72 hours .
96 hours.

Regulations on qualifications and experience for employees serving commercial aircraft operations for operators are stated in Part ...Civil Aviation Safety Regulations in the field of aircraft and operations Aircraft operations are issued according to Circular 01/2011/TT-BGTVT. (Level 1)
Part 13.
@@Part 14.
Part 15.
Part 16.

Minimum equipment list - MEL compiled by which organization? (Level 1)
Aircraft maintenance organization.
Design organization.
@@Operator.
Manufaturer.

The aircraft pilot license is issued by . (Level 1)
@@Country of aircraft registration.
Country of operation.
Country of production.
Country of design.

What is the enforcement effect of the 2006 civil aviation law? (ko có đáp án, GPT bảo 2007) (Level 1)
2006.
2007.
2008.
2009

A register of Vietnamese airlines operating on an AOC is maintained by the. (Level 1)
ICAO.
@@CAAV.
FAA. 
EASA

What category of aircraft are required to be painted or affixed with nationality markings of Vietnam?   (Level 1)
All public transport aircraft above 2300Kg.
All public transport aircraft above 5700Kg.
@@All aircraft registered in Vietnam.
All fixed-wing aircraft

Question number: Which set of letters and numbers below can be the marks of Vietnam nationality aircraft? (Level 1)
VN A221, VN B221, VN C221, VN D221, VN E221.
VN A221, VN B221, VN C221, VN E221, VN F221.
VN A221, VN B221, VN C221, VN G221, VN E221.
@@VN A221, VN B221, VN C221, VN D221.

Details of all placards and markings on an aircraft will be found in. (Level 1)
@@the Maintenance Manual.
the Operations Manual.
the Flight Manual.
VAR Parts

A Service Bulletin contains. (Level 1)
@@a detailed description of a problem and corrective action to be taken.
information concerning the airworthiness of aircraft and are distributed by the CAAV.
a list of maintenance tasks to be carried out on a particular aircraft.
information of difficult in operation.

How many times must the nationality and registration marks appear on fixed-wing aircraft?. (Level 1)
@@4 times.
3 times.
5 times.
6 times.

Aviation safety Advisory Circulars (Advisory Circulars)  (Level 1)
are explained in more detail by the VAR Parts.
explain in more detail subparts of the VAR Parts.
explain in more detail of the Vietnam Civil Aviation Law.
@@provide specific technical safety requirements in support the Vietnam Civil Aviation Law and supporting legislation.

As prescribed by law, Vietnam nationality registering aircraft is permitted to operate when:    (Level 1)
@@The owner of a registered aircraft has Vietnam nationality and the CAAV has issued a Certificate of Aircraft Registration for that aircraft.
That aircraft has been registered in Vietnam.
The AOC holder has enough licenced pilot.
The aircraft has been registered in Vietnam and maintenance IAW approved aircraft maintenance schedule.

For aircraft in commercial air transport, how many radio communications equipment is required?   (Level 1)
at least 01 equipment.
@@at least 02 independent equipment.
at least 02 main equipment and 01 backup.
at least 02 main equipment and 02 backup.

Details of placards and markings on aircraft will be found in. (Level 1)
@@ATA Chapter 11 of the AMM.
Operations Manual.
Approved Maintenance Manual.
Air Operator Exposition.

Flight time for aeroplane are record from. (Level 1)
take off to touch down.
first passenger on board to last passenger left.
engine start to shut down.
@@first moves to taxi to finally come to rest.

Requirement about registration marks can be found in. (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 2.
VAR Part 4.
AC-02-001.
VAR Part 4

If an aircraft which owned by abroad individual or agencies is dry leased or leased by Vietnamese agencies or individuals with period of 36 months, does this aircraft need to registered to Vietnam nationality?    (Level 1)
No.This aircraft is not owned by Vietnamese agency, thus no need to register to Vietnam nationality.
@@Yes, it must be registered to Vietnam nationality within 06 months from the date when it introduced into operation in Vietnam.
It depends on the needs of operator.
Yes, it must be registered to Vietnam nationality within 12 months from the date when it introduced into operation in Vietnam.

Question Number: Which aircraft type of the aircraft with the registration number VN-B789?    (Level 1)
Aircraft with jet engines (Turbofan/ Turbojet).
@@aircraft with turboprop engines (Turboprop).
aircraft with piston engines.
Microlight aircraft.

Certificate of Aircraft Registration of an aircraft for international flight on transport aircraft. (Level 1)
@@must be carried aboard. 
must not be flown with aircraft.
does not have to be carried aboard. 
does not have to be carried aboard but must be showed within 24 hours 

What does MEL stand for? (Level 1)
Manufacturer Equipment List.
@@Minimum Equipment List.
Maximum Equipment List.
Mandatory Equipment List.

An aircraft operator's MEL. (Level 1)
@@can be more restrictive than the MMEL.
can be less restrictive than the MMEL.
can be more restrictive with certain limitations.
can be more or less restrictive than MMEL  

Main definitions are applicable to any VAR Part could be found in?      (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 1  
VAR Part 4
VAR Part 5 
VAR Part 19 

You can find the General Policies, Procedures and Definitions in. (Level 1)
VAR Part 5.
VAR Part 4.
@@VAR Part 1.
VAR Part 7.

Vietnam Aviation Regulations are originated by    (Level 1)
@@CAAV.
The Ministry of Transport of Vietnam.
National Assembly of Vietnam.
ICAO.

Requirements for registration of aircraft with Vietnamese nationality can be found at     (Level 1)
VAR Part 1.
@@VAR Part 2.
VAR Part 
VAR Part 5.

TSO (Technical Standard Organization) authorization holder must    (Level 1)
comply with VAR Part 7 
comply with VAR Part 10  
@@provide all maintenance, overhaul and repair manual to operators 
keep a record of aircraft maintenance following VAR Part 5

Each manufacturer of aircraft’s parts must legibly and permanently mark the following information on the part (Level 1)
@@trademark, name or symbol of the holder and Part number (P/N) as stated in model designation  
trademark, name of the holder only
part number and serial number only.
no permission to mark on the part, the information is including in the authorized release certificate supplied with the part   

The validity of TSO (Technical Standard Order) authorization is   (Level 1)
06 months 
@@01 year 
18 months
no limit  

The requirements for approval a design organization is specified in    (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 21.
maintenance manual.
VAR Part 18.
VAR Part 9.

Can a person not employed by an approved organisation sign the CRS?   (Level 1)
@@Only in certain situations.
No.
Yes.
Only for the case of pre-flight inspection.

Maintenance of large aircraft must be carried out by  (Level 1)
a part 12 approved organisation.
@@a part 5 approved organisation.
a part 9 approved organisation.
VAR Part 21 approved organisation.

In normal operation, signing of a CRS within a VAR Part 5 approved company  (Level 1)
can be done by a suitably licensed engineer not employed by the company.
@@must be done by a suitably licensed engineer employed by the company.
can be done by an unlicensed engineer providing they are employed by the company.
can not be done by a suitably licensed engineer employed by the company.

The technical log is a requirement of (Level 1)
VAR Part 5.
@@VAR Part 12.
VAR Part 21.
VAR Part 10.

Which of the following is not contained in a Tech Log?  (Level 1)
List of acceptable deferred defects.
@@Weight and C. G.Schedule.
A separate provision for the current release to service .
airframe hours, landing gear cycles.

The persons authorised to issue Certificate of Maintenance Review are mentioned (Level 1)
@@in the Maintenance Control Manual.
on the airworthiness review certificate.
on the VAR Part 12 Certificate of Approval.
errror

A certificate of maintenance review is necessary after  (Level 1)
refuelling an aircraft.
@@6 months from the issue date of the previous one.
any task affecting airworthiness of the aircraft.
After engine change.

The operator of an aircraft used for commercial air transport (Level 1)
@@need not be approved under VAR Part 5 providing they are contracted to a VAR Part 5 organisation.
must be approved under VAR Part 12 only.
must be approved under VAR Part 5.
must be approved under VAR Part 21.

Who produces and prints maintenance schedules?    (Level 1)
@@The owner/ Operator.
Manufacturer.
The VAR Part 5 approved organisation.
The CAAV.

An CAAV approved maintenance organisation in the category Aircraft rating class 1, is approved to carryout maintenance on  (Level 1)
@@Aircraft (other than rotorcraft and aircraft composed primarily of composite material) of 5,700 kg maximum certificated take-off weight or less.
Aircraft composed primarily of composite material, of 5,700 kg maximum certificated take-off weight or less.
Aircraft composed primarily of composite material, over 5,700 kg maximum certificated take-off weight .
Rotorcraft (other than rotorcraft composed primarily of composite material) over 2,730 kg maximum certificated take-off weight.

Which of the following documents forms part of a tech log? (Level 1)
@@Maintenance Statement.
Air Operators Certificate.
Type certificate data sheet.
Certificate of Airworthiness.

Continued airworthiness is the responsibility of. (Level 1)
@@the owner or lessee.
VAR part 9 approved organization.
VAR part 5 approved organization.
VAR part 21 approved organization.

A prefight inspection. (Level 1)
can be carried out only by an A, B1 or B2 licensed, type rated and VAR Part 5 company approved engineer.
can be carried out only by an A or B1 licensed, type rated and VAR Part 5 company approved engineer.
@@does not require VAR Part 5 approval for carrying out.
can be carried out only by an C licensed, type rated, and VAR Part 5 company approved engineer.

Under CAAV how long does the Technical Log have to be retained?    (Level 1)
5 years after the last entry.
@@2 years after the last entry.
3 years after the last entry.
1 years after the last entry

Approval of Design Organization is described in. (Level 1)
VAR Part 21 – Subpart G.
@@VAR Part 21 – Subpart J.
VAR Part 21 – Subpart Q.
VAR Part 5.

For an aircraft registered in Vietnam, who may sign for maintenance release?  (Level 1)
@@A suitably licensed engineer employed by a VAR Part145 organization.
A member of VAR Part-21 organization.
An unlicensed member of a VAR Part145 organization.
An engineer who completed suitable training course from VAR Part-9 organization

The maintenance review includes  (Level 1)
@@scheduled maintenance, modifications, defects and any deferred defects, applicable airworthiness directive.
scheduled maintenance, defect rectifications.
scheduled maintenance, modifications.
scheduled maintenance, applicable airworthiness directive.

In the case CAAV issues Airworthiness Directive relating to safety occurrence that required to have specific inspection  (Level 1)
the proposal of corrective action or inspection or both must be proposed by operator.
@@Proposal of corrective action or inspection or both by TC/ STC holder must be approved by CAAV.
the proposal of corrective action or inspection or both must be followed by operator
the holder of type certificate requires operator to follow the proposal of documents and manuals

What modifications are recorded in the aircraft logbook?  (Level 1)
@@Modifications on the aircraft only.
Modifications on Engine, propeller and aircraft.
Modifications on engine and propeller.
Modifications on APU.

Who has responsible for maintaining the aircraft in an airworthy condition?    (Level 1)
The aircraft manufacture.
The aircraft owner.
@@The owner of an aircraft or the lessee (in case of a leased aircraft).
The aircraft maintenance organisation.

An aircraft holding a Special airworthiness certificate. (Level 1)
@@Shall be operating limitations within Vietnam and not make international flights.
Shall be operating in Vietnam and international but has restriction as specific in the certificate.
Can be operate until the CAAV suspend. 
Can be operate as normal aircraft with validity C of A 

Which type of airworthiness certificate needed for a microlight aircraft fly?    (Level 1)
a normal Certificate of Airworthiness.
@@a special Certificate of Airworthiness.
a special flight permit.
an approval Type Certificate.

A Special Flight Permit. (Level 1)
has period of validity for not exceeding the validity of the C of A. 
is renewable.
a maximum of seven days.
@@has valid for the period of time as indicated on the certificate.

A repair or modification results in any change in the aircraft operating limitations is found in the (Level 1)
@@Flight manual.
Maintenance manual.
Maintenance schedule.
Organization exposition.

The Export Certificate of Airworthiness is: (Level 1)
@@used for an aircraft that is being exported to registry of another Contracting State.
export all airworthiness these are being applicable on those aircrafts.
issued by the Operator to selling that Aircraft.
issued by the Aircraft Owner.

Can an aircraft that do not meet the requirements of the State of Design for a standard airworthiness certificate flight in Vietnam? (Level 1)
Yes, if that aircraft does not transport passenger or cargo.
No, it cannot flight.
@@Yes, it can be flight with a Special Airworthiness Certificate issued by the CAAV.
Yes, if the operator is satisfied that the aircraft is appropriate equipped and safe to fly.

If a major modification is carried out on an aircraft, the performed organisation. (Level 1)
@@Execute the modification form prescribed by CAAV in duplicate, one to aircraft owner/operator, one to CAAV.
Complete maintenance record as normal work.
Execute the modification form prescribed by organisation and send to CAAV to notify.
Execute the modification form prescribed by aircraft owner and keep as aircraft maintenance record. 

Vital points are. (Level 1)
@@parts of the aircraft where a single malfunction could cause catastrophic failure.
a check on every maintenance schedule input.
when an engine/fuel system is disturbed. 
items need to be checked at prefight inspection.

Upon sale of outside of Vietnam, the Certificate of Airworthiness of the aircraft (Level 1)
is transferred to buyer.
@@is surrendered by the owner and sent back to the CAAV.
is surrender or transferred depend on demand of buyer.
is allowed to keep by the owner.

The VAR Part 4 provides standards for continuing airworthiness for:  (Level 1)
Aircraft is operating inside of Vietnam.
@@Aircraft registered in Vietnam, whether operating inside or outside the borders of Vietnam.
Aircraft is operating inside or outside the borders of Vietnam.
Aircraft registered foreign nationality and operating inside of Vietnam.

An MMEL is compiled by. (Level 1)
an air operator and approved by the state of design.
the manufacturer and the AOC company.
@@the design organization.
the state of design.

Flight manual amendments. (Level 1)
can be done by the operator.
@@must be determined the validity and conformance by the CAAV.
can be done by the manufacturer.
can be done by the CAMO.

CAAV Airworthiness Directive shall cover. (Level 1)
@@Vietnam registered civil aircraft of the type identified in that airworthiness directive.
civil aircrafts.
aircraft above and below 5700Kg MTWA and equipment fitted to them.
aircraft above 5700Kg MTWA and equipment fitted to them.

Who issues a C of A for Vietnam registered aircraft?   (Level 1)
@@CAAV.
The manufacturer.
VAR Part 5 approved organisation.
VAR Part 12 operator.

The validity of noise certificate is    (Level 1)
06 months 
01 year 
09 months
@@the same with the validity of airworthiness certificate  

CAAV may issue a special flight permit to an aircraft that is capable of safe flight, but unable to meet applicable airworthiness requirements for a specific purpose in accordance with    (Level 1)
VAR Part 7  
VAR Part 9 
VAR Part 5
@@VAR Part 4 

Airworthiness Certificate for Vietnam registered aircraft issued by  (Level 1)
ICAO.
@@CAAV.
FAA. 
EASA 

The validity of Certificate of Airworthiness issued by CAAV is. (Level 1)
24 months.
@@06 months for the first issuance and 12 months after renewal.
09 months
18 months  

What covers technician responsibilities of certifying for maintenance release. (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 4
VAR Part 9
VAR Part 12
VAR Part 18 

Standard Airworthiness Certificates will be issued by CAAV (Level 1)
for aircraft operated in Vietnam by foreign operator.
@@for aircraft operated by Vietnam operator, in the specific category and model designated by the State of Design in the type certificate.
for aircraft registered in Vietnam with the restriction or special flight permission
for aircraft registered in Vietnam that are being exported to the registry of another Contracting State 

To what does AC 04-005 refer?    (Level 1)
AMO procedure manual 
@@Suspected unapproved part  
ATO approval
Dangerous good Manual 

The definition of overhaul. (Level 1)
@@the restoration of an aircraft using methods, techniques, and practices acceptable to CAAV, including disassembly, cleaning, and inspection, repair and reassembly.and tested in accordance with approved standards and technical data. 
The examination of an aircraft or aircraft component to establish conformity with a standard approved by the CAAV.
is specified in VAR Part 7.
The alteration of an aircraft/component in conformity with an approved standard. 

An Airworthiness Certificate issued by the CAAV:    (Level 1)
must not be transferred from the owner to the lessee upon lease of an aircraft within or outside Vietnam.
@@shall be renewed and shall have a validity period of 1 year, provided that the aircraft is inspected within no more than 1 month prior to expiration.
with no time limit 
is effective for 06 months

The owner of an aircraft or the lessee must keep maintenance record of the entire aircraft:   (Level 1)
in a period decided by operator, even removing right after the work completed. 
@@to include the total time in service of the aircraft and all life limited parts and appropriate details of modifications and repairs.
as required in VAR Part 7.
with no time limit.

Who is responsible to maintain the airworthiness of the aircraft in conditions appropriate to the anticipated operation and the aircraft is operated and maintained in accordance with regulations?   (Level 1)
CAAV.
AMO.
@@Operator.
Manufacture.

Modification record book is required for. (Level 1)
Vietnam aircraft only.
all aircraft.
@@all aircraft over 2,730 kg.
all aircraft under 2,730 kg.

A modification to an aircraft is recorded in:     (Level 1)
The Engine Logbook.
@@The modification record book.
The Aircraft Logbook.
The Propeller Logbook.

The aircraft maintenance review staff (Aircraft Maintenance Technician – Inspection Authorisation) is authorised by the CAAV and shall meet:    (Level 1)
@@Having at least 5 years of practical experiences in the aircraft maintenance.
Having at least 2 years of practical experiences in the aircraft maintenance.
Having at least 3 years of practical experiences in the aircraft maintenance.
Having at least 1 years of practical experiences in the aircraft maintenance.

Scheduled Maintenance can be extended by. (Level 1)
No, the scheduled maintenance could not be extended by any reason.
@@procedure which is prescribed in the documents of the aircraft maintenance schedule (AMS) approved by CAAV.
procedure which is approved by Operator.
demanding of Operator.

Requirements for continuing airworthiness of aircraft is prescribed in. (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 4 
VAR Part 5 
VAR Part 7  
VAR Part 12

A modifications is considered as Major described in    (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 4 
VAR Part 5
VAR Part 12
VAR Part 20

A repairs is considered as Major described in. (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 4
VAR Part 21
VAR Part 5
VAR Part 20

An Airworthiness Directive carried out on an engine is recorded in. (Level 1)
@@the Engine Logbook.
the Aircraft Logbook.
the Modification Record Book.
the Technical Logbook.

If an Airworthiness Directive has not been complied with within the flying hour limitations given on the directive, what effect would this have on the engine ?    (Level 1)
The aircraft can be certified fit for flight and continue operation for the period of validity of the certificate.
@@The engine and thus the aircraft is grounded until the directive has been complied with.
The manufacturer can award an extension to the compliance time to enable the engine to remain in operation.
The aircraft can be certified fit for flight and continue operation for 24 hours.

The term 'inspection' is defined as meaning. (Level 1)
correct installation and operation of the task.
general visual check the condition of the component or system.
@@examination of an aircraft or aircraft component to establish conformity with a standard approved. 
The alteration of an aircraft/component in conformity with an approved standard. 

A hard time engine inspection involves. (Level 1)
@@replacement with a new or overhauled component.
removal of an engine component, it's inspection and refitting.
an inside function test.
engine overhaul.

Who is responsible for developing methods to implement maintenance inspection as required and assign inspectors for required inspection (RII)? (Level 1)
@@Aircraft operator
AMO  
CAAV 
does not specify at VAR Part

Nuts, bolts are classified as. (Level 1)
Class I Product.
@@Standard parts.
Class II Product.
errror

Rectification of defects is entered in. (Level 1)
@@Technical Log.
Quality assurance records.
Dangerous goods transport document.
errror

The repair is. (Level 1)
@@The restoration of an aircraft/aircraft component to a serviceable condition in conformity with an approved standard .
The alteration of an aircraft/component in conformity with an approved standard .
The examination of an aircraft or aircraft component to establish conformity with an approved standard. 
Replacement an unserviceable component with the serviceable one.

After a modification to an aircraft, what must be raised?    (Level 1)
@@Certificate of Release to Service.
Certificate of Modification.
Certificate of Maintenance Review.
Type Certificate.

What maintenance work must be recorded and signed for?    (Level 1)
Only work involving replacements.
@@All maintenance work carried out.
Only work which entails a duplicate inspection.
Only work involving testing.

Who can sign the Certificate of Release to Service for aircraft with maximum take-off weight 5700 kg more?   (Level 1)
An ARS licensed engineer.
@@An AMT licensed engineer.
The holder of an Inspection Authorization.
Flight attendant.

Aeronautical parts intended for installation on an aircraft must be determined.  (Level 1)
@@The traceability of aeronautical parts & The eligibility of aeronautical parts.
The eligibility of aeronautical parts.
The traceability of aeronautical parts.
The serviceability.

Airworthiness Directive (AD) applicable for Vietnam registered aircraft is issued by. (Level 1)
The TC holder.
ICAO.
@@CAAV and Competent Authority of the State of Design.
The manufacture.

Which aircraft part must be listed and time controlled.  (Level 1)
@@life limited parts and parts subject to a mandatory overhaul life.
standard parts.
ESDS parts.
life limited only.

Which is definition of modification. (Level 1)
The examination of an aircraft or aircraft component to establish conformity with a standard approved by the CAAV.
@@The alteration of an aircraft/component in conformity with an approved standard. 
The restoration of an aircraft/aircraft component to a serviceable condition in conformity with an approved standard. 
The restoration of an aircraft/aircraft component to  a serviceable by using methods, techniques, and practices acceptable to the CAAV.

Aircraft Class I Product is. (Level 1)
@@A complete aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller that has been type-certificated in accordance with the applicable regulations, and for which approved Specifications or TC data sheets have been issued. 
A major component (e.g., wings, fuselages, empennage assemblies, landing gears, power transmissions, or control surfaces, etc. ).
A part manufactured in complete compliance with an established Government or industry - accepted specification which includes design, manufacturing, and uniform identification requirements.
Bolts, nuts, O-rings.

Unsalvageable Parts. (Level 1)
Can be re-used. 
@@Should be mutilated and disposed. 
Sold as serviceable parts.
Can be repaired. 

What is airworthy status of an aircraft engine, propeller or part. (Level 1)
when it conforms to its approved design.
@@when it conforms to its approved design and is in a condition for safe operation.
The status of an aircraft engine, propeller or part when it be maintained. 
The status of part when it conforms to its approved design.

When an unserviceable component is removed from an aircraft and replaced with a different component to carry out the same function it is classified as. (Level 1)
a repair.
a modification.
@@a replacement.
an overhaul.

All maintenance tasks for the aircraft shall be certified to confirm the maintenance completion and recorded into the aircraft record system, in not later than:   (Level 1)
@@30 days since the date of accomplishment of the maintenance tasks.
7 days since the date of accomplishment of the maintenance tasks.
15 days since the date of accomplishment of the maintenance tasks.
45 days since the date of accomplishment of the maintenance tasks.

Requirements for continuing Airworthiness of Aircraft is given in. (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 4 
VAR Part 5.
VAR Part 7.
VAR Part 9

What happens to a life-limited component when removed from an aircraft?    (Level 1)
@@Replaced for rejection.
Placed in quarantine store.
Inspected and if serviceable can be replaced. 
Returned to store.

May the aircraft be registered in Vietnam but fly with the Airworthiness Certificate not issued by CAAV? (Level 1)
No, this situation may not be.
Yes, if this aircraft was registered in EASA. 
@@Yes, CAAV may validate an airworthiness certificate issued by another Contracting State upon registration of the aircraft in Vietnam for the period specified in that certificate.
Yes, if this aircraft was registered in FAA. 

A design organisation in Vietnam is approved in accordance with. (Level 1)
VAR Part 10.
VAR Part 12
VAR Part 11
@@VAR Part 21.

A Type Certificate is issued to. (Level 1)
an aircraft type and its variants.
@@all aircraft of a type (e.g.A340).
each aircraft of a type.
any aircraft component like wheel, brake, landing gear.

An aircraft manufacturer approved to VAR Part21, may maintain aircraft and issue certificates of release to service. (Level 1)
for any aircraft providing it is on its schedule of approval.
@@only if it holds a VAR Part 5 approval also.
only for the aircraft that it has produced. 
only if it holds VAR Part 21 approval for design organization.

Requirement for Design Organization approved by CAAV can be found in  (Level 1)
VAR Part 2.
@@VAR Part 21.
VAR Part 10.
VAR Part

Question number 130.By CAAV requirement, the airworthiness directive is  (Level 1)
@@issued or recognized by CAAV.
issued by CAAV.
recognized by CAAV.
issued or recognized by aircraft manufacturer.

Who can classify repairs as major or minor?  (Level 1)
AMO  
Operator
@@CAAV & VAR Part 21 Organization.
Approved Training Organization 

If an aircraft is dry leased or leased by Vietnamese agencies with period of 24 months or more, it must be registered to Vietnam nationality within:   (Level 1)
one month from the date when it introduced into operation in Vietnam.
@@six months from the date when it introduced into operation in Vietnam.
three months from the date when it introduced into operation in Vietnam.
two months from the date when it introduced into operation in Vietnam.

To relocate the aircraft to the maintenance base to carry out the maintenance in order to recover the airworthiness of the aircraft.this flight should be carried out under. (Level 1)
a special C of A. 
@@a ferry flight permit.
a concession from AMO’s quality manager.
An export C of A. 

Which of the following would a Ferry Flight Permit NOT be used for?    (Level 1)
To proceed to a place where the aircraft will be painted. 
@@To fly passengers or cargo domestically.
To check a modification.
To hand-over and take-over the aircraft.

VOLUNTARY REPORTING is given in (Level 1)
VAR Part 19, subpart B. 
@@VAR Part 19, subpart C. 
VAR Part 19, subpart D. 
VAR Part 19, subpart F.

Initial Report Of serious incident (level B) Shall be sent to CAAV: (Level 1)
within 24 hours.
within 96 hours.
within 72 hours.
@@within 48 hours

Where would you find the authority and responsibility of the Pilot in command?   (Level 1)
VAR Part 7
VAR Part 9 
VAR Part 5
@@VAR Part 10 

Vietnamese AOC holder only operates a two-engined aeroplane over a route which contains a point further from an adequate aerodrome than the distance flown in 60 minutes at the one-engine-inoperative cruise speed in case:     (Level 1)
@@the holder receives special approval by CAAV known as EDTO approval 
the holder assesses and determines to operate without the approval of CAAV 
even when the ETOPS approval is elapse
it is not applied to aircraft registered in Vietnam

A foreign registered aircraft can be operated in the airspace of Vietnam if (Level 1)
the owner has made written notification to CAAV for the required information.
@@the owner has made written notification to CAAV for the required information and received flight permission from CAAV.
All foreign registered aircrafts can be operated in the airspace of Vietnam with no additional condition.
All foreign registered aircrafts can not be operated in the airspace of Vietnam.

The 'Threshold Time' approved by CAAV for an aircraft diverting from point on a route to a suitable alternate aerodrome is (Level 1)
90 minutes 
@@60 minutes or a threshold time approved by the CAAV .
120 minutes.
180 minutes.

A Vietnam registered aircraft with inoperative required instruments or equipment  (Level 1)
must not be operated 
@@may be operated only under a special flight permit issued by CAAV.
may be operated without the permission of CAAV
may be operated if records identifying the inoperative instruments and equipment shall be handed to the pilot 

Additional documents applicable to international flights includes (Level 1)
@@An aircraft radio licence and an English translation noise certificate 
General declaration for customs and original noise certificate (without translation into English)
An aircraft radio licence only
No requirements

The additional requirements for international operations:  (Level 1)
@@the flight crew shall include at least one member who has a valid radio operator licence or endorsement, issued or rendered by the State of Registry 
the flight crew shall include at least one member who holds a flight navigator licence 
all crew members have valid medical certificate
the same as for national operations.

Airworthiness certificate operational restrictions contained in (Level 1)
AMS
AMM 
MEL
@@AFM

Record of emergency and survival equipment carried on aircraft shall include  (Level 1)
Type and frequencies of radio equipment 
@@Number, colour and type of life rafts and pyrotechnics, details of emergency medical supplies,  Water supplies, and type and frequencies of the emergency portable radio equipment.
Type of life rafts and pyrotechnics 
As requested by crew member

For ELT-equipped aircraft operation, it is required to be  (Level 1)
checked within the past 24 calendar months 
checked within the past 06 calendar months  
@@checked within the past 12 calendar months 
checked within the past 36 calendar months 

For IFR (Instrument Flight Rules) operation, an altimeter and pitot-static system is required to be inspection   (Level 1)
in the past 12 calendar months 
in the past 24 calendar months 
in the past 36 calendar months 
in the past 06 calendar months 

A decision height of CAT I approach and landing is not lower than (Level 1)
@@60 m (200ft).
40 m (130ft).
30 m (100ft).
50 m (160ft) 

A decision height of CAT II approach and landing is   (Level 1)
30m (100ft) or less.
60m (200ft) or more.
60m (200ft) or less.
@@lower than 60m (200ft) but not lower than 30m (100ft)

A runway visual range of CAT IIIA approach and landing is   (Level 1)
@@175m (700ft) and more 
175m (700ft) and less 
550m (1800ft) and less
300m (1200ft) and less 

In CAT III operation, decision height is recognized by. (Level 1)
a sonar altimeter.
a barometric servo altimeter.
@@a radar altimeter.
a barometer.

Compliance with the requirements of VAR Part 10 is the responsibility of    (Level 1)
Operators with the operations outside of Vietnam.
Vietnamese operators with the operations inside of Vietnam only.
@@Vietnamese operators with the operations both inside and outside of Vietnam provided that the compliance would not result in violation of the laws of the foreign State in which the operation is conducted. 
Vietnamese operators with the operations of commercial air transport only.

Aircraft of mass greater than 5700 kg are weighed.  (Level 1)
at manufacture and at the annual inspection.
at manufacture and then at 2 years and then at periods not exceeding 5 years.
at manufacture and then at periods not exceeding 5 years.
@@at manufacture and then at periods not exceeding 4 years

During passenger-carrying commercial air transport operation, the flight deck compartment door is lock when? (Level 1)
From engine start until engine shutdown.
@@Form the time all external doors are closed following embarkation until any such door is opened for disembarkation.
During flight time.
From chock to chock.

Equipment required to be carried on aircraft flying for the purpose of Public Transport is specified in the. (Level 1)
VAR Part 4.
VAR Part 2.
@@VAR Part 6.
VAR Part 10.

An airworthiness directive must be complied with. (Level 1)
before further flight.
as soon as practicable following receipt of the directive.
@@within the time or flying hours limitations given on the directive.
may or may not perform, same as normal modification  

Air Operator Certificate is issued by   (Level 1)
@@CAAV
AOC 
The manufacture  
The Operator  

AOC will consist of. (Level 1)
@@Two Part: part 1 AOC certificate stamped and signed by the Authority.Part 2 AOC operations specifications   
AOC certificate.
AOC operations specifications.
Three parts

Who is responsible for continuing airworthiness of aircraft?   (Level 1)
CAAV  
@@The owner of an aircraft or, in the case of a leased aircraft, the lessee shall be responsible for maintaining the aircraft in an airworthy condition.
Approved maintenance organization
AMO is approved by CAAV for continuing airworthiness of aircraft.

Who is responsible for composing the reliability program for aircraft/ engine?   (Level 1)
Manufactures
@@Operators
CAAV
AMO

Who is responsible for approval the reliability program for aircraft/ engine?   (Level 1)
Manufactures
Operators
@@CAAV
AMO is assigned by CAAV

An operator adds a new aircraft to its fleet. (Level 1)
An amendment to its Approved Aircraft Maintenance Schedule (AMS) must be applied for, only if the aircraft differs in any way to the aircraft already in its fleet.
An amendment to its Approved Aircraft Maintenance Schedule must be applied for, only if the aircraft is a totally different Type to any of the aircraft already in its fleet.
@@An amendment to its Approved Aircraft Maintenance Schedule must be applied for, even if the aircraft is identical to the aircraft already in its fleet.
The Aircraft Maintenance Schedule (AMS) is not affected. 

Scheduled maintenance can be extended by authority written into the. (Level 1)
@@Approved Aircraft Maintenance Schedule.
Aircraft Maintenance Manual.
Approved Maintenance Document.
Organization exposition (MME).

When a modification is carried out on an aircraft, details are entered in. (Level 1)
the Aircraft Logbook.
the Modification Record Book.
@@both the Aircraft Logbook and the Modification Record Book.
the Aircraft Logbook or the Modification Record Book

How long are the logbooks retained by the AOC Holder after the aircraft has been destroyed or permanently withdrawn from service?    (Level 1)
Until the CAAV has given authorisation for them to be destroyed. 
Two (2) years  
@@One (1) year.
Six (6) months.

What purpose of VAR 23 Parts apply to? (Level 1)
CAAV allows an aircraft of foreign nationality that is not a member of ICAO but can operate in Vietnam.
@@AOC issued by the CAAV, operating aircraft registered with nationality that is a member of ICAO and are maintained in accordance with the standards of the aircraft State of Registry, wherever that maintenance is performed. 
Aircraft of foreign nationality that can operate in Vietnam without binding terms.
Apply to commercial air transport and military air transport

The maintenance review is made for an aircraft with a maximum take-off weight of over 2,730kgs with a duration of: (Level 1)
@@six (6) months.
twelve (12) months.
three (3) months.
two (2) years.

A Certificate of Maintenance Review is retained.  (Level 1)
for six (6) months from date of issue.
for one (1) year from date of issue.
@@until one (1) year after the aircraft has been destroyed or permanently withdrawn from service.
until two (2) years after the aircraft has been destroyed or permanently withdrawn from service.

The aircraft maintenance schedule is approved by the. (Level 1)
aircraft manufacturer.
@@CAAV.
operator.
aircraft designer.

According to ICAO Annex 2, the term "aerodrome traffic" is defined as:  (Level 1)
All traffic on the apron and on the manoeuvring area of an aerodrome and all aircraft flying in the vicinity of an aerodrome.
All traffic on the movement area of an aerodrome and all aircraft flying in the vicinity of an aerodrome.
All traffic on the manoeuvring area of an aerodrome and all aircraft flying in the vicinity of an aerodrome except aircraft in a visual circuit.
@@All traffic on the manoeuvring area of an aerodrome and all aircraft flying in the vicinity of an aerodrome.

What is the meaning of the abbreviation "IFR"? (Level 1)
Commercial Flight Rules
@@Instrument Flight Rules
Instrument Meteorological Conditions
Bad Weather Flight Rules

A flight is called a "visual flight", if the... (Level 1)
visibility in flight is more than 5 km.
@@flight is conducted under visual flight rules.
visibility in flight is more than 8 km.
flight is conducted in visual meteorological conditions.

Which of the following options is NOT a sufficient reason to fly below the required minimum height?  (Level 1)
An approach without landing at an aerodrome
Take-off or landing at an aerodrome
The drop of towed objects at an aerodrome
@@Bad weather conditions in the vicinity of an aerodrome

Which distances to clouds have to be maintained during a VFR flight in airpaces C, D and E?  (Level 1)
@@1500 m horizontally, 1000 ft vertically
1500 m horizontally, 1000 m vertically
1000 m horizontally, 300 m vertically
1000 m horizontally, 1500 ft vertically

The minimum flight visibility at 5000 ft MSL in airspace B for VFR flights is... (Level 1)
1500 m.
8000 m.
@@5000 m.
3000 m.

What is the minimum flight visibility in airspace "C" for an aircraft operating under VFR at 5000 ft MSL?  (Level 1)
8000 m
@@5000 m
3000 m
1500 m

What is the minimum flight visibility in airspace "E" for an aircraft operating under VFR at FL75?  (Level 1)
8000 m
@@5000 m
1500 m
3000 m

What is the minimum flight visibility in airspace "C" for an aircraft operating under VFR at FL110?  (Level 1)
3000 m
5000 m
@@8000 m
1500 m

What is the minimum flight visibility in airspace "C" for an aircraft operating under VFR at FL125?  (Level 1)
5000 m
@@8000 m
1500 m
3000 m

What are the minimum distances to clouds for a VFR flight in airspace "B"?  (Level 1)
Horizontally 1.000 m, vertically 1.500 ft
Horizontally 1.500 m, vertically 1.000 m
@@Horizontally 1.500 m, vertically 300 m
Horizontally 1.000 m, vertically 300 m

What is the minimum flight visibility in airspace "C" below FL 100 for an aircraft operating under VFR?  (Level 1)
@@5 km
10 km
8 km
1.5 km

What is the minimum flight visibility in airspace "C" at and above FL 100 for an aircraft operating under VFR? (Level 1)
10 km
1.5 km
5 km
@@8 km

During a flight at FL 80, the altimeter setting has to be...local QNH. (Level 1)
@@1013.25 hPa. 
1030.25 hPa. 
local QFE.
errror

What is the purpose of the semi-circular rule?  (Level 1)
To avoid collisions by suspending turning manoeuvres
To fly without a filed flight plan in prescribed zones published in the AIP
@@To avoid collisions by reducing the probability of opposing traffic at the same altitude
To allow safe climbing or descending in a holding pattern

Which of the following options are possible SSR-Transponder modes?  (Level 1)
B, R, S
A, C, R
@@A, C, S
B, C, V

A transponder with the ability to send the current pressure level is a. .. (Level 1)
transponder approved for airspace "B".
mode A transponder.
pressure-decoder.
@@mode C or S transponder.

Which transponder code indicates a loss of radio communication?  (Level 1)
@@7600
7000
2000
7700

Which answer is correct with regard to separation in airspace "E"?  (Level 1)
@@VFR traffic is not separated from any other traffic
VFR traffic is separated from VFR and IFR traffic
IFR traffic is separated only from VFR traffic
VFR traffic is separated only from IFR traffic

The term "aerodrome elevation" is defined as... (Level 1)
@@the highest point of the landing area. 
the lowest point of the landing area. 
the average value of the height of the manoeuvring area. 
the highest point of the apron.

The term "runway" is defined as a. .. (Level 1)
rectangular area on a land aerodrome prepared for the landing and take-off of helicopters.
@@rectangular area on a land aerodrome prepared for the landing and take-off of aircraft.
round area on an aerodrome prepared for the landing and take-off of aircraft.
rectangular area on a land or water aerodrome prepared for the landing and take-off of aircraft.

Which statement is correct with regard to the term "taxi holding point"?  (Level 1)
A taxi holding point is designed to indicate the beginning of the safety area and may be crossed when a taxi clearance is given
A taxi holding point is an area where the aircraft must stop unless further permission to proceed is given
A taxi holding point is only to be observed for IFR traffic if instrument weather conditions are prevailing
@@A taxi holding point is the point at which the aircraft must stop unless further permission to proceed is given

What does the reported runway condition "WET" mean?  (Level 1)
Some water patches are visible
The runway is clear of water, ice, and snow
A large part of the surface is flooded
@@The surface of the runway is soaked, but there are no significant patches of standing water

What is the meaning of a flashing red light signal at a controlled aerodrome directed to an aircraft in flight?  (Level 1)
Give way to other aircraft and continue circling
@@Airport unsafe, do not land
Return for landing, followed by steady green at the appropriate time
Cleared to land

What is the meaning of a flashing green light signal at a controlled aerodrome directed to an aircraft in flight?  (Level 1)
Give way to other aircraft and continue circling
@@Return for landing, followed by steady green at the appropriate time
Airport unsafe, do not land
Cleared to land

Who provides search and rescue service?  (Level 1)
Only military organisations
International approved organisations
@@Both military and civil organisations
Only civil organisations

What is the primary purpose of an aircraft accident investigation?  (Level 1)
To clarify questions of liability within the meaning of compensation for passengers
To work for the public prosecutor and help to follow-up flight accidents
To Determine the guilty party and draw legal consequences
@@To identify the reasons and work out safety recommendations

A Certificate of Maintenance Review, when issue, is valid for. (Level 1)
@@6 months.
1 year.
2 years.
indefinitely, until VAR Partied, suspended or revoked. 

All outstanding deferred defect rectifications are recorded in. (Level 1)
the flight manual.
@@the operator's technical log.
the appropriate Logbook.
the certificate of return to service.

CONFIDENTIALITY OF REPORT is given in. (Level 1)
VAR Part 19, subpart B. 
@@VAR Part 19, subpart C. 
VAR Part 19, subpart D. 
VAR Part 19, subpart E.

The AMO shall file a report in the form and manner prescribed by the CAAV:    (Level 1)
within 15 days after an incident level C, D and occurrence.
within 20 days after an incident level C, D and occurrence.
@@within 30 days after an incident level C, D and occurrence.
within 45 days after an incident level C, D and occurrence.

Mandatory occurrences reports related aircraft maintenance are given in:   (Level 1)
VAR Part 5.
VAR Part 12.
@@VAR Part 19.
VAR Part 4.

Mandatory occurrences reports related to aircraft technical are given in. (Level 1)
VAR Part 21.
VAR Part 12.
@@VAR Part 19.
VAR Part 4.

Aviation Accidents, Incidents and Occurrences are classified?     (Level 1)
@@5 levels 
4 levels.
6 levels.
3 levels.

An incident must be reported to CAAV within. (Level 1)
@@72 hours.
earliest convenient time.
24 hours.
96 hours.

Whom would the operator/ AMO inform of an Occurrence/Incident? (Level 1)
The Department of Trade.
The owner.
@@The CAAV.
ICAO.

A accident/ serious incident has occurred in Vietnam, who is responsible for investigation?   (Level 1)
Operator such as VNA, VJ….
@@The CAAV 
Approved maintenance organization
Manufacture

When an aircraft registered foreign nationality has accident occurred in Vietnam, who is responsible for investigation?   (Level 1)
Aircraft operator
@@The CAAV 
CAA of aircraft registered country
The owner aircraft

Within Vietnam airspace, with a Vietnam-registered aircraft or with a Vietnam operator, Occurrences should be reported to. (Level 1)
Department of Trade & Industry.
Chief Inspector of Accidents.
@@The CAAV.
Passengers

The relevant aircraft logbook, engine logbook records requirements must be fulfilled:   (Level 1)
not later 10 days sin the date of accomplishment of the maintenance tasks.
not later 15 days since the date of accomplishment of the maintenance tasks.
@@not later 30 days since the date of accomplishment of the maintenance tasks.
not later 45 days since the date of accomplishment of the maintenance tasks.

Who is responsible for submitting the initial occurrence report to CAAV?   (Level 1)
AMO
Aircraft operator
Manufacture
@@Representatives of organizations involved in the operations, maintenance and support of aircraft operating in Vietnam

Mandatory modifications are. (Level 1)
@@modifications which ensure Continued Airworthiness.
modifications which are approved on an airworthiness approval note.
modifications of an urgent nature.
not special requirement and like is normal modifications

CAAV may identify mandatory manufacturer's service bulletins and other sources of data.  (Level 1)
is a recommended modification to the aircraft/engine.
perform as required by aircraft operator/ owner
@@for mandatory compliance pertaining to affected aircraft in Vietnam.
may or may not perform which depending on economic conditions

Which are Airworthiness directives source issued and accepted at Vietnam: (Level 1)
Aircraft operator/ owner / lessee
EASA, FAA. 
@@Issued by CAAV or issued by the national aviation authorities of the designer, manufacturer.
CAAV

Safe operation of the aircraft is the responsibility of the. (Level 1)
VAR Part 5 approved organisation.
CAAV.
@@Operator.
Manufacturer

When shall operator revise the Aircraft Maintenance Schedule?    (Level 1)
Operator can not revise the Aircraft Maintenance Schedule.
@@Operator shall update, revise and submit the aircraft maintenance schedule to CAAV for approval in, not exceeding, 90 days since the aircraft manufacturer promulgates or modify it.
Operator can update/ revise and use the Aircraft Maintenance Schedule without the approval of CAAV
No need to update/ revise the Aircraft Maintenance Schedule.

Management system of aircraft maintenance:    (Level 1)
is prepared by operator and no need to be approved by CAAV 
includes MEL for each type of aircraft and technical service promotion policies 
@@includes procedures for issuing CMR and CRS.
is approved by the holder of type certificate.

The minimum equipment list (MEL) is compiled by. (Level 1)
the manufacturer and the air operator after joint consultation.
@@the AOC holder.
the manufacturer.
CAAV.

AOC holder’s maintenance control manual  (Level 1)
provides how to maintain a component on an aircraft.
@@provides the use and guidance of maintenance and operational personnel concerned 
provides when to overhaul a component.
can be used after AOC holder approved and notified to CAAV.

A major repair/ major modification is carried out    (Level 1)
without the permission of CAAV
without need of report to CAAV after the completion
@@in accordance with technical data approved by the CAAV 
and then can be certified for maintenance release by a technician who has been trained with a appropriate training courses in VAR Part 9 - approved training organization.

The minimum requirements for recording a technical log are:    (Level 1)
@@servicing of fuel and oil, defects, trend monitoring and maintenance tasks and tests 
defects, trend monitoring and maintenance tasks and tests 
trend monitoring and maintenance tasks and tests 
maintenance tasks and tests

Who is responsible for  completing weight and balance documentation prior to each flight?   (Level 1)
@@Operator.
VAR Part 5 maintenance organisation.
CAAV
Ground handling company.

Which statement below is correct (Level 1)
Documents to be carried on aircraft do not include certificate of Registration, Airworthiness, Insurance and Radio License.
Documents to be carried on aircraft do not include C of A, Noise certificate 
Documents to be carried on aircraft do not include Technical Log, AFM or RFM 
@@Documents to be carried on aircraft include but not limit to Certificate of Registration, C of A, Noise certificate, License of use of radio devices, Technical Log, AFM or RFM, Normal, abnormal and emergency checklists.

The requirement for reweighing an aircraft under VAR Part 10 is. (Level 1)
@@normally at intervals of 36 calendar-months.
annual.
normally at intervals of 24 calendar-months.
normally at intervals of 48 calendar-months.

One of the contents is described in Air operator certificate, which answer is correct ? (Level 1)
Name and location of AMO
@@The type(s) of aircraft(s) authorised for use, specific authorizations, conditions and limitations.
Stamped and signed by Operator
All scheduled maintenance must be performed as required by CAAV that will be described in the AOC certificate.

For all aircraft registered in the Vietnam, the document to be carried on aircraft for all operations described in which VAR’s part?  (Level 1)
VAR Part 5.
@@VAR Part 10 
VAR Part 21
VAR Part 4, 4.

To operate an aircraft in commercial air transport in Vietnam, operators must:. (Level 1)
@@operators hold an AOC approved by CAAV.
hold a DOA Certificate.
nonspecific requirement.
hold an AMO Certificate.

Where to find information as record of all servicing of fuel and oil, defects on aircraft during operation?   (Level 1)
@@Technical logbook.
Flight manual.
Aircraft Logbook.
Maintenance Manual.

Amendments to VAR Parts are by way of. (Level 1)
orange pages.
grey pages.
blue pages.
@@red letters.

Deferred defects are recorded in. (Level 1)
the Deferred defect manual.
@@the Technical Log.
the Technical Manual.
Maintenance Manual

Which of the following mandatory documents must be carried on an aircraft when flying within territory of Vietnam?    (Level 1)
@@Certificate of Registration.
Maintenance Manual 
Engine Logbook.
Domestic flight within Vietnam, AOC holder does not have to carry any mandatory documents on an aircraft.

The Aircraft Maintenance Schedules are produced by. (Level 1)
manufacturer with CAAV approval.
@@operator.
CAAV Safety Regulation Group.
VAR Part 5 AMO.

What operations do the requirements in VAR Part 17 apply to ?   (Level 1)
Military aircraft operations 
General aviation operations by light aircraft 
Glide plane operations
@@Commercial air transport operations and General aviation operations, by Turbojet airplane and large airplane

VAR Part 17 covers. (Level 1)
maintenance.
instruments and equipment.
@@mass, balance and performance
Ground De-icing

VAR Part 21 Subpart G applies to. (Level 1)
@@Manufacture approval 
Maintenance Organization approval 
Air Operator approval
Design Organization Approval

Which of the following information is not a part of the aircraft Technical Log?    (Level 1)
Fuel and oil uplift column.
@@List of approved maintenance organization contracted for aircraft maintenance AOC holder.
Airport entry column including the departure and arrival airport.
The AOC holder’s company name.

Documents to be carried on an aircraft include?    (Level 1)
Tech log, full Operations Manual and Flight Manual.
Tech Log and parts of the Operations Manual.
Full Operations Manual and Flight Manual.
@@Technical Log, C of R, C of A, Noise certificate, License of use of radio devices, AFM or RFM, Normal, abnormal and emergency checklists.

Who is responsible for approving contents, layout of aircraft Technical Log?   (Level 1)
The AMO.
The Operator.
The Design Organisation.
@@the CAAV

The mandatory documents to be carried on an aircraft are stated in the. (Level 1)
VAR Part 21 
VAR Part 5 
VAR Part 7
@@VAR Part 10

Question number 122.By CAAV requirement, the passengers carrying operations by air are unacceptable conduct, what behavior is not acceptable? (Level 1)
may smoke while the no-smoking sign is lighted. 
may smoke if the flight crews accept.
may smoke in aircraft lavatory.
@@may not smoke while the no-smoking sign is lighted and in any aircraft lavatory.

Which VAR’s Part requires Vietnam registered aircraft to be maintained in accordance with an Approved Aircraft Maintenance Programme?   (Level 1)
VAR Part 21.
@@VAR Part 12.
VAR Part 7.
VAR Part 5

As described in VAR Part 12: Aircraft maintenance programme.How to build a maintenance programme?  (Level 1)
Based on maintenance programme information made by AMO and any additional applicable experience
Based on maintenance programme information made by EASA, FAA. 
@@Based on maintenance programme information made by the State of Design or by the organization responsible for the type design and any additional applicable experience.
Based on maintenance programme information made by CAAV.

How to check the due date of Certificate of Maintenance Review?    (Level 1)
In the maintenance schedule.
@@On the CMR.
In the maintenance statement.
On the techlog.

An AOC is issued by the CAAV for aircraft in the. (Level 1)
transport and Aerial Work.
@@commercial air transport.
military transport.
light sport.

The legal responsibility for ensuring that the aircraft load rate and distribution goods does not exceed the limit on mass and balance of the aircraft. (Level 1)
@@Commander of the aircraft.
Load Master.
CRS staff.
Supervision personnel 

For what period of time must a load control sheet be kept?   (Level 1)
Five years.
Two years.
Six months.
@@Three months.

Deferred defect pages are kept in the. (Level 1)
maintenance schedule.
maintenance logbook.
@@aircraft technical log.
maintenance management exposition.

How to track the deferred defects? (Level 1)
Tech Log and Cabin Defect Logbook.
Tech Log and maintenance records.
@@Tech Log and maybe include a separate page or pages in the front or back of the technical log.
Deferred defects provision pages.

To operate aircraft in commercial air transport in Vietnam, which statement is correct? An Air Operators Certificate must be issued by the CAAV.before an airline can. (Level 1)
@@No person may operate an aircraft in commercial air transport operations that are not authorised by the terms and conditions of its AOC. 
Person may operate an aircraft in commercial air transport operations without AOC issuance.
The AOC holder only operates military aircraft and the operations being conducted. 
Continue in compliance with the AOC terms, operations specifications and maintenance requirements that are the responsibility of CAAV.

The AOC holder shall maintain, on each aircraft, a technical log that contains the record of all servicing of fuel and oil, defects, trend monitoring and maintenance tasks and tests on that aircraft during. (Level 1)
@@the course of its operation.
02 years.
03 years.
05 years.

A Technical Log is originated by. (Level 1)
Manufacturer.
CAA. 
@@Operator.
Maintenance organization.

To operate aircraft in commercial air transport, what certificate does the CAAV issue to persons and organizations (VAR Part 12)? (Level 1)
Aerial Application Certificate.
Aerial Dealers Certificate.
@@Air Operators Certificate.
Approved Maintenance Organization Certificate.

Aircraft operator shall update, revise and submit the aircraft maintenance schedule to CAAV for approval in, not exceeding:      (Level 1)
@@90 days since the aircraft manufacturer promulgates or modify it.
60 days since the aircraft manufacturer promulgates or modify it.
30 days since the aircraft manufacturer promulgates or modify it.
120 days since the aircraft manufacturer promulgates or modify it.

How long shall AOC holder keep the maintenance record for aircraft maintenance after aircraft has been permanently withdrawn from service or destroyed? (Level 1)
@@for a minimum of 12 months .
for a minimum of 18 months.
for a minimum of 24 months.
for a minimum of 36 months.

An Air Operator Certificate is effective for:   (Level 1)
6 months.
36 months.
24 months.
@@12 months.

In an operator, a Certificate of maintenance Review may be signed by. (Level 1)
any employee holding an appropriate licence.
qualified persons nominated by the company.
no one, it is not required under VAR Part 12.
@@The aircraft maintenance review staff.

Who shall be responsible for performing all airworthiness directives and operation directives applicable to aircraft in full and on time? (Level 1)
The AMO.
The CAAV.
@@The Operator.
The manufacture.

when satisfied that all required maintenance of the aircraft or aircraft component has been properly carried out, who is issued maintenance release? (Level 1)
By representative of aircraft operator
@@By appropriately authorised certifying staff
By representatives of AMO
By representatives of CAAV 

CAAV issues the noise certificate for:    (Level 1)
Only Vietnamese nationality aircraft.
foreign nationality aircraft which is operated under AOC which issued by CAAV.
@@Vietnamese nationality aircraft and foreign nationality aircraft which is operated under AOC which issued by CAAV.
any aircraft flies to Vietnam.

You would expect to find information on ground handling of aircraft in the. (Level 1)
Flight Manual.
@@Aircraft Maintenance Manual.
Aircraft Overhaul Manual.
Component Maintenance Manual

ATA Specification No.100 is. (Level 1)
an internationally agreed form of Maintenance Schedule.
@@a system of numbering chapters and sections of Manuals.
a statement of international airworthiness.
specification for Packaging of Airline Supplies.

What is definition of maintenance control manual. (Level 1)
A document which details the maintenance organization’s structure and management responsibilities, scope of work, description of facilities, maintenance procedures and quality assurance or inspection systems.
A manual containing procedures, instructions and guidance for use by operational personnel in the execution of their duties.
A manual, associated with the certificate of airworthiness, containing limitations within which the aircraft is to be considered airworthy, and instructions and information necessary to the flight crew members for the safe operation of the aircraft.
@@A document which describes the operator’s procedures necessary to ensure that all scheduled and unscheduled maintenance is performed on the operator’s aircraft on time and in a controlled and satisfactory manner.

The voluntary reports is. (Level 1)
published to everybody after CAAV received. 
forbidden.
@@protected by the CAAV.
no need to report to CAAV.

The aircraft hours flown and defects are recorded in. (Level 1)
Aircraft Logbook.
@@Technical Log.
Maintenance Statement.
Component worksheet.

Where can information on overhaul and replacement periods be found?    (Level 1)
Flight Manual.
Technical Log.
@@Maintenance Manual.
Ground support manual.

Mandatory Occurrences are reported to the CAAV by:    (Level 1)
AMO.
AOC. 
DOA. 
@@All of above

Where can you find the list of mandatory occurrences have to be reported?   (Level 1)
VAR Part 7.
VAR Part 1.
VAR Part 9
@@VAR Part 19.

Technical Logs contains the record of. (Level 1)
All servicing of defects and tests on that aircraft during the course of its operations.
All servicing of maintenance tasks and tests on that aircraft during the course of its operations.
@@All servicing of fuel and oil, defects, trend monitoring and maintenance tasks and tests on that aircraft during the course of its operations.
All servicing of fuel and oil and maintenance tasks on that aircraft during the course of its operations.

Each technical log page should be numbered at least. (Level 1)
Five copies.
@@Three copies.
Two copies.
One page.

The standard Format for Aircraft Maintenance Manuals (AMM) is defined in. (Level 1)
@@ATA 100.
EASA VAR Part 145.
FAA 14 CFR VAR Part 145.
VAR Part 5

In the A. T.A. 100 System, Chapter 12 is. (Level 1)
General.
@@Servicing.
Auto Flight.
Power plant.

Fuel Distribution results are entered in the. (Level 1)
@@Aircraft Log Book.
the Fuel Uplift column of the Tech Log.
Engine Logbook.
FAA Form 8130-3

Which of below document need to be carried on aircraft. (Level 1)
@@Registration certificate & Airworthiness certificate.
Airworthiness certificate & EASA Form 1.
EASA Form 1 & FAA 8130-3.
Registration certificate & FAA 8130-3

The document issued for Aircraft components maintained and released for service by a VAR Part 5 approved organisation is. (Level 1)
@@CAAV Form 1.
Technical log.
Cabin defect log.
Serviceable Tag of operator.

The total engine hours expended may be determined from information given in. (Level 1)
the Maintenance Statement.
the Technical Log.
@@the Engine Logbook.
the Serviceable tag.

Serious Incident is classified as. (Level 1)
Class A. 
@@Class B. 
Class E.
Class D. 

The classification of aviation accidents, incidents and occurrences is given in. (Level 1)
VAR Part 4.
VAR Part 5.
@@VAR Part 19.
Option d. VAR Part 7

Initial Report of An Accident (level A) Shall be sent to CAAV:    (Level 1)
@@Within 24 hours.
Within 48 hours.
Within 72 hours.
Within 96 hours

MANDATORY OCCURENCE REPORT is given in. (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 19, SUBVAR Part C. 
VAR Part 19, SUBVAR Part E.
VAR Part 19, SUBVAR Part B. 
VAR Part 19, SUBVAR Part H

ACCIDENT & INCIDENT INVESTIGATION is given in. (Level 1)
VAR Part 19, SUBVAR Part C. 
@@VAR Part 19, SUBVAR Part E.
VAR Part 19, SUBVAR Part G.
VAR Part 19, SUBVAR Part H

AIRWORTHINESS CERTIFICATE is effective for:    (Level 1)
@@6 months for the first certificate, 12 months for renewal certificate.
12 months for the first certificate, 24 months for the renewal certificate.
6 months for the first certificate, 24 months for the renewal certificate.
12 months for the first certificate, 36 months for the renewal certificate.

The technical log shall be preserved in:   (Level 1)
12 Months after the last data entering.
@@24 Months after the last data entering.
36 Months after the last data entering.
6 Months after the last data entering.

How long shall the AIRCRAFT ENGINE, APU, PROPELLER AND MODIFICATION LOGBOOKS be retained?    (Level 1)
@@12 months after aircraft has been permanently withdrawn from service or destroyed. 
24 months after aircraft has been permanently withdrawn from service or destroyed. 
36 months after aircraft has been permanently withdrawn from service or destroyed. 
6 months after aircraft has been permanently withdrawn from service or destroyed. 

What kind of Airworthiness Certificates are there?     (Level 1)
Standard Airworthiness Certificates & Special Airworthiness Certificate.
Special Airworthiness Certificate & Export Certificate of Airworthiness.
@@Standard Airworthiness Certificates, Special Airworthiness Certificate & Export Certificate of Airworthiness 
Standard Airworthiness Certificates, Special Airworthiness Certificate, Export Certificate of Airworthiness, Import Certificate of Airworthiness.

Who shall be responsible for establishing and controlling system to ensure records are taken into the aircraft Technical Logbook?     (Level 1)
@@The operator.
The Owner.
The AMO.
The manufacture.

What is the retention time for a Technical Log?    (Level 1)
@@2 years after the last entry.
2 years.
3 years after the last entry.
2 years after the aircraft has been withdrawn from service.

Where are the conditions allowing the operation of an aircraft with certain systems or equipment inoperative provided an acceptable level of safety is maintained stated? (Level 1)
MMEL prepared by operator  
@@MEL approved by CAAV 
Maintenance Schedule
Maintenance Manual 

AMO is. (Level 1)
@@Approved Maintenance Organization.
Aircraft Maintenance Organization.
Air Maintenance Organization.
Aircraft Management Organization.

To be approved the approved maintenance organizations and persons working for this organization, which VAR’s Parts shall the organization comply with? (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 4, Part 5, Part 7.
VAR Part 7, Part 9, Part 21
VAR Part 4, Part 7, Part 9
VAR Part 5, Part 7, Part 9

Who signs maintenance release or approval for return to service an aircraft, airframe, aircraft engine, propeller, appliance, or component part after it has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or modification? (Level 1)
A type rated engineer authorized by a VAR Part 5 AMO.
A VAR Part 7 licensed Aviation maintenance technician (AMT).
@@A VAR Part 7 Licensed Aviation maintenance technician (AMT) or Aviation repair specialist (ARS) authorized by VAR Part 5 Approved Maintenance Organization (AMO).
A VAR Part 7 Licensed Aviation repair specialist (ARS)

The competent authority of VAR Part 5 Approved maintenance organisation is: (Level 1)
the CAA. 
the NAA of the country it is located in.
the EASA. 
@@the CAAV.

Maintenance release shall contain?    (Level 1)
@@The identity of the person or persons signing the release.
The identity of AMO Account Manager.
The identity of AMO appropriately nominated manager.
The date such maintenance was started. 

A large VAR Part 5 AMO with more than 500 maintenance employees needs to have an audit team that    (Level 1)
@@only performs the audit, reporting deficiencies and monitoring corrective action.
can be combined with maintenance part of the organization.
can be contracted out to another company.
without specific requirement.

Maintenance record held by a VAR Part 5 AMO is kept for at least    (Level 1)
3 years after they were raised. 
5 years after they have expired. 
@@2 years from the date that the maintenance work was released. 
5 years after they were raised

A maintenance release shall be issued by appropriately authorised certifying staff. (Level 1)
@@when satisfied that all required maintenance of the aircraft or aircraft component has been properly carried out by the AMO holder in accordance with the maintenance procedure manual.
when satisfied that the maintenance has been carried out without the need of compliance to maintenance procedure manual
only when an aircraft part is replaced with a modified part.
only if an aircraft part is replaced with a new part.

For a VAR Part 5 approved maintenance organisation, who is responsible for ensuring all necessary resources are available to accomplish maintenance required to support the AMO's approval?  (Level 1)
The Base Maintenance Manager.
The Safety and Quality Assurance Manager.
@@The Accountable Manager.
The Line Maintenance Manager

Shall the Vietnam-registered aircrafts be maintained and released to service? (Level 1)
by a Maintenance Organization Approved by the CAA
under equivalent system of maintenance recognized by the CAA. 
@@by a Maintenance Organization Approved by the CAAV or under an equivalent system of maintenance approved by the CAAV in accordance with VAR Part 5 of CAAV regulations.
by a maintenance organization contracted by operator.

Who is allowed to sign certifying completion of maintenance after implementation maintenance work planned on aircraft at VAR Part 5 AMO?   (Level 1)
the Category B certifying staff.
@@the Category C certifying staff.
the Accountable Manager.
the Maintenance Controller.

A VAR Part 5 approval is not required to carry out   (Level 1)
base maintenance.
defect rectification.
@@prefight inspection.
Minor defects in line maintenance.

VAR Part 5 AMO shall record all details of the maintenance work performed in a form and manner acceptable to     (Level 1)
EASA
@@CAAV 
FAA   
itself  

The VAR Part 7 AMT license holder will not be allowed to carry out the rating specified in the license unless. (Level 1)
he/she has received continuation training as required in VAR Part 7.
he/she has worked on the aircraft type for at least 12 months within the last 2 years.
@@he/ she complies with the requirements prescribed for an approved maintenance organization in accordance with VAR Part 5 and during the previous two years, he/she must have a minimum of 6 months of maintenance experience directly under the rating granted AMT license or evidence met the conditions for licensing related. 
During the previous one year, he/ she have a minimum of 6 months of maintenance experience directly under the rating granted AMT license or evidence met the conditions for licensing related. 

An approved VAR Part 5 organisation is one which complies to   (Level 1)
the requirements of the FAA. 
the requirements of the ICAO.
the requirements of EASA. 
@@the requirements of the CAAV.

How long does a licensed engineer have to produce his/her authorisation certification if asked by the CAAV inspector?   (Level 1)
immediately.
7 days.
24 hours.
@@within a reasonable time of the request.

A VAR Part145 approved maintenance organisation is authorised to. (Level 1)
approve major modifications.
@@perform maintenance, preventive maintenance or modifications on an aircraft.
originate repair schemes and manufacture parts.
originate a supplement type certificate.

VAR Part 5 AMO shall ensure the availability of necessary equipment, tool and materials to perform approved scope of work and   (Level 1)
no need to calibrate testing and measuring equipment    
AMO can use tool other than which manufacturer specifies without equivalent confirmation
@@these items shall be under full control of the AMO
store equipment and tool without labelling

Any identified condition that could present a serious hazard to the aircraft while it is undergoing maintenance by a VAR Part 5 organisation.must be reported to CAAV within   (Level 1)
2 working days.
1 working day.
@@3 working days.
4 working days

Certifying staff is required to carry authorization document    (Level 1)
all times
no need to carry all times but shall produce it within 24 hours of the request from CAAV inspector 
@@no need to carry all times but shall produce it within a reasonable time of the request from CAAV inspector.
no need to carry all times but shall produce it within 48 hours of the request from CAAV inspector

How long does a VAR Part 5 AMO have to retain certifying staff record?    (Level 1)
at least 5 years after that person has ceased employment with the AMO 
@@At least 2 years after that person has ceased employment with the AMO or upon withdrawal of his/her authorisation.
At least 4 years after that person has ceased employment with the AMO.
At least 3 years after that person has ceased employment with the AMO or upon withdrawal of his/her authorisation.

Except in the case where a computer maintenance release system is used, the person who issues maintenance release   (Level 1)
@@shall use the full signature and preferably a certification stamp 
uses the full signature only.
writes the name without signature
uses certification stamp only

In the case A VAR Part 5 organisation finds a condition on an aircraft which could be seriously hazardous, the AMO must inform the aircraft design organisation within. (Level 1)
@@3 working days.
24 hours.
7 days.
4 days.

In a VAR Part 5 company, who is responsible for controlling record of certifying staff?    (Level 1)
Tech Records.
@@Quality Department.
Human Recourse Department.
Maintenance Department.

Who monitors how a noncertificated CAAV, FAA or EASA person contracted to VAR Part 5 AMO is adhering to the requirements?    (Level 1)
Base Maintenance Manager.
Accountable Manager.
@@Quality Manager.
Logistic manager.

Except to Prefight inspection, Vietnam registered aircraft must be maintained and released to service by:    (Level 1)
@@A VAR Part 5 AMO or equivalent system of maintenance that is approved by the CAAV in accordance to VAR Part 5  
System of maintenance that is approved by the CAAV in accordance to VAR Part 12 
Noncertificated CAAV person  
An organisation approved by any authority

CAAV approval of a VAR Part 5 organisation to undertake base maintenance of a particular aircraft type can be found in. (Level 1)
the company’s AOC data sheet.
the company operations manual.
@@the company’s Operation Specification.
the company’s approval certificate.

A VAR Part 5 company is required to have a person who is acceptable to CAAV and has corporate authority for ensuring that it is in compliance with the requirements for an AMO. (Level 1)
a technical director.
a licensed engineer.
@@an accountable manager.
a Line Maintenance Manager

Serviceable aircraft part should be stored.  (Level 1)
in serviceable store without control of the organization.
@@segregated from unserviceable part 
anywhere in hangar.
in unserviceable store.

Under the VAR Part 5 Approval System, an A1 rating relates to aircraft. (Level 1)
in base maintenance only.
@@of 5700 kg maximum certificated take-off weight or less.
exceeding 5700 kg maximum certificated take-off weight
in line maintenance only.

Line maintenance under VAR Part 5 is defined as typically. (Level 1)
C and D checks.
component maintenance.
A and B checks.
@@Any unscheduled maintenance resulting from unforeseen events 

The responsibility for immediately reporting incidents and accidents occurring within Vietnam airspace with Vietnam-registered aircraft is of. (Level 1)
@@The air operator 
The approved maintenance organization  
The approved training organization 
Any person on the flight

By requirement of VAR Part 5, in the case of serious hazard to the aircraft, to whom the AMO holder shall report to? (Level 1)
CAAV.
Operator.
FAA/ EASA. 
@@CAAV, the aircraft design organization and AOC Holder that the AMO Holder is contracted by.

The minimum distribution of the Authorised Release Certificate CAAV Form 1 is. (Level 1)
to remain with the component to which it refers.
@@one for the aircraft operator and one for AMO holder.
to be retained by the originator.
one for the aircraft operator and two for AMO holder 

The Authorised Release Certificate CAAV Form 1 can be issued for. (Level 1)
several items entered onto it providing they are identical part numbers.
@@several items with different part numbers.
only one item entered onto it.
the limitation to 10 items.

In the case of satisfactory aircraft component replacement, which of the followings is issued?   (Level 1)
Certificate of maintenance review.
@@Maintenance Release.
A maintenance statement.
CAAV form 1.

The authorised release certificate CAAV form 1 is. (Level 1)
issued from the tech log prior to the flight.
@@an CAAV approved aircraft parts release document issued by approved organisations.
used to return or release unserviceable components from the aircraft.
an international aircraft parts release document issued by approved organisations.

Aviation accidents, incidents and occurrences are classified into (Level 1)
2 levels   
4 levels 
3 levels 
@@5 levels   

On completion of the overhaul of an aircraft component by an VAR Part5 organization. (Level 1)
@@the maintenance records with a certified CRS are retained by the AMO and a copy of CAAV Form 1 is issued to the customer.
the Worksheets with a certified CRS are placed in the aircraft file with the log books.
the Worksheets are retained by the overhaul organization in their own files.
the Worksheets with a certified CRS and a CAAV Form 1 is issued to the customer.

The statement of a Maintenance release issued by a VAR Part5 organisation can be found in. (Level 1)
the MOE.
Option VAR Part 4, 4.
@@Appendix 1 to VAR Part 5, 5.150(b).
VAR Part

The scope of authorisation of a VAR Part 7 AMT licence holder in VAR Part 5 AMO is issued by?    (Level 1)
The competent authority.
@@VAR Part 5 AMO.
VAR Part 9 ATO.
CAAV.

Independent audit of a department within a VAR Part 5 approved organisation is carried out at least every. (Level 1)
6 months.
@@12 months.
24 months.
36 months.

The validity of VAR Part 5 AMO Certificate is (Level 1)
@@12 months  
24 months.
36 months  
no limitation.

After a mandatory inspection has been carried out by a Licensed Engineer, what is issued?    (Level 1)
@@Maintenance release.
A Flight Release Certificate.
A Certificate of Maintenance Review.
Maintenance statement.

A maintenance release is required for:    (Level 1)
@@At the completion of any maintenance on an aircraft component when off the aircraft  
At the completion of any maintenance on an aircraft component when installed on the aircraft  
Before the completion of any package of maintenance scheduled by the approved aircraft maintenance programme on the aircraft     
Before the completion of any defect rectification before the flight

Aircraft rating issued for an AMO with Class 1 is for aircraft. (Level 1)
over 13610 kg MTOM.
over 2730 kg MTOM.
over 5700 kg MTOM.
@@less than 5700 kg MTOM.

The privileges of VAR Part 7 licensed AMT category B2 is. (Level 1)
@@sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on electronic and electric system
sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on electronic system
sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on the aircraft structure, systems and propulsion systems engine and electric 
sign completion of maintenance after implementation maintenance work planned on aircraft 

A VAR Part 5 approved organisation may contract a maintenance function to. (Level 1)
any noncertificated CAAV companies.
any noncertificated EASA companies.
any noncertificated FAA companies 
@@any nonapproved companies that is listed in AMO Maintenance Organisation Exposition

The VAR Part 5. (Level 1)
@@prescribes the requirements for AMO.
applies to all Vietnam Aircraft.
prescribes the requirements for training organization.
prescribes the requirements for production organization.

Aircraft and aircraft component records must be retained by a VAR Part 5 approved organization for a period of. (Level 1)
three years after the aircraft component is permanently removed from service or destroyed. 
@@two years from the date the aircraft or aircraft component was released from the VAR Part 5 approved maintenance organization.
5 years after the aircraft or aircraft component has been destroyed or permanently removed from service.
2 years after the aircraft or aircraft component has been destroyed or permanently removed from service.

The requirements of personnel for an organization approved to undertake maintenance on commercial transport aircraft are to be found in. (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 5.
VAR Part 7.
VAR Part 9.
VAR Part 21

On a Certificate of Release to Service, an examination of an aircraft component to confirm conformity with a standard approved by CAAV is recognized as    (Level 1)
replacement.
@@inspection.
overhaul.
inspection.

To comply with VAR Part – VAR Part 5   (Level 1)
the Acceptable Means of Compliance can be used. 
any additional national directives must be used. 
FAA Advisory Circulars should be used. 
@@Advisory Circulars - AC 05 can be used. 

The privileges of VAR Part 7 licensed AMT category B1 is. (Level 1)
sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on electronic and electric system
sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on electronic system
@@sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on the aircraft structure, systems and propulsion systems engine and electric 
sign completion of maintenance after implementation maintenance work planned on aircraft 

VAR Part 7 AMT must be. (Level 1)
@@not less than 18 years of age.
There is no Age limitation.
not less than 21 years of age.
not less than 20 years of age.

A VAR Part 5 organisation's accountable manager is responsible for. (Level 1)
ensuring that all line maintenance procedures are carried out.
@@ensuring that all necessary resources are available to accomplish maintenance.
ensuring that all base maintenance procedures are carried out.
monitoring the AMO's compliance with VAR Part 5.

The requirement for VAR Part 5 AMO facilities  (Level 1)
hangar with no specific requirement 
no need to have office, all work can be performed in hangar 
@@Storage facilities for serviceable aircraft components shall be clean, well ventilated and maintained at an even dry temperature to minimise the effects of condensation 
no need to have hangar, all scheduled maintenance can be performed on the line.

The requirement for having a Quality Assurance System to a maintenance organisation are set out in. (Level 1)
VAR Part 21.
VAR Part 4.
VAR Part7.
@@VAR Part 5

Repair manual is:    (Level 1)
an example of airworthiness data that AMO received from operator
@@an example of airworthiness data that AMO can received from the aircraft/ aircraft component design organization
a part of aircraft/ aircraft component maintenance record 
an example of maintenance data that AMO transcribes from TC holder’s document into AMO’s format

An Authorised certifying staff will sign a CRS when. (Level 1)
he is happy that all physical aspects of the job are finished. 
he is qualifying for company approval.
@@the required maintenance is properly carried out IAW the maintenance procedure manual.
he is required to sign a CRS by his manager.

Specific class or limited ratings, special approval and limitations of an organisation can be found in. (Level 1)
front of the maintenance schedule.
VAR Part145 list of companies.
the company exposition.
@@the Operations Specifications.

A CAAV approved capability list of the VAR Part 5 AMO gives. (Level 1)
details of the operational restrictions placed on an aircraft with a C of A. 
details of the scope & extent of a type rated engineer’s license.
details of the scope & extent to which an organisations approval is given.
@@details of the article which the organisation is approved to perform maintenance, preventive maintenance or modifications.

A Vietnam registered aircraft shall be maintained by organisation approved IAW   (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 5  
VAR Part 
VAR Part 10.
VAR Part 9.

The Base Maintenance manager of VAR Part 5 AMO shall be responsible for     (Level 1)
@@ensuring that all maintenance required to be performed in the hangar is carried out to specified design and quality standards 
only ensuring that defect rectification is carried out to specified design and quality standards
Monitoring the AMO's compliance with VAR Part 5
ensuring that all maintenance required to be performed in the hangar, without defect rectification, is carried out to specified design and quality standards 

VAR Part 5 prescribes the requirements of CAAV for   (Level 1)
@@Approved aircraft maintenance organization.
Air Operator Certification 
Approved Training Organization   
Approval of Design Organization 

VAR Part 5 AMO certificate is signed by. (Level 1)
@@CAAV.
The manufacture.
The operator.
The customer.

AMO Operations Specifications will contain. (Level 1)
@@The terms of approval, including specific class or limited ratings, special approvals and limitations issued. 
The date of issue and period of validity.
The name and location of AMO holder.
Only authority signatures.

AMO certificate will contain. (Level 1)
@@The certificate number specifically assigned to the AMO holder and the date of issue and period of validity.
Accountable manager and Authority signatures.
The terms of approval, including specific class or limited ratings, special approvals and limitations issued. 
Accountable manager signatures.

Privileges of AMO is a prescribed standard in     (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 5
VAR Part 7
VAR Part 9 
VAR Part 10

A maintenance release shall be issued by. (Level 1)
@@appropriately authorised certifying staff.
AMO engineer.
Technician staff.
The inspector.

AMO certificate includes. (Level 1)
@@A one page certificate and a multi-page Operations Specifications.
A one page certificate signed by AMO.
A one page certificate signed by Operator.
Three parts.

VAR Part 5 AMO shall have production man-hour plan that    (Level 1)
@@relates to aircraft hangar visit plan in the case AMO is approved for base maintenance  
is made one time for permanently using
does not contain the quality monitoring compliance function man-hour
can not be adjusted if lack of man power 

A maintenance release certificate shall contain (Level 1)
@@Basic details of the maintenance carried out.The date such maintenance was completed. The identity, including the authorisation reference, of the AMO.and the identity of the person or persons signing the release.
Description the maintenance carried out.
identify areas or components subject to timed life.
identify person performing the maintenance tasks.

AMO shall report to CAAV about un-airworthy conditions that could present a serious hazard to the aircraft within. (Level 1)
@@3 working days  
2 working days.
1 working day.
4 working days.

Where does the airworthiness technical data for an AMO holder come from?  (Level 1)
@@The aircraft/aircraft component design organization.
CAMO.
AMO.
ATO.

According to CAAV Var Part 5, the ratings issued for an AMO are specified in. (Level 1)
@@AMO Operations Specification  
AMO Caplist.
AMO roster.
AMO on-wing capability list.

Which part is applicable to the approved organizations and persons working for those organisations that provide maintenance services for aircraft registered in Vietnam?    (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 5  
VAR Part 4  
VAR Part 7 
VAR Part 9

According to CAAV VAR Part 5, how many classes are the aircraft rating divided into?    (Level 1)
@@7 
6 
5 
4

Which aircraft rating class is aircraft composed primarily of composite material, over 5,700 kg maximum certificated take-off weight?   (Level 1)
@@Class 7 
Class 6  
Class 5 
Class 4 

Which rating on a maintenance organization certificate that permits maintenance organization to perform maintenance, preventive maintenance, or modifications of powerplants?     (Level 1)
@@Powerplant ratings 
Propeller ratings  
Aircraft ratings
Accessory ratings

According to CAAV VAR Part 5, how many classes are the powerplant rating divided into?   (Level 1)
@@3 
4 
5 
6

Which powerplant rating class is turbojet and turbofan engines?     (Level 1)
@@Powerplant rating class 3  
Powerplant rating class 2  
Powerplant rating class 1  
Powerplant rating class 4  

According to CAAV VAR Part 5, how many classes are the Propeller ratings divided into? (Level 1)
@@2.
3.
4.
5.

Which following case is required a maintenance release?   (Level 1)
@@Before flight at the completion of any package of maintenance scheduled by the approved aircraft maintenance programme on the aircraft, where such maintenance tool place as base or line maintenance.
Before the completion of any package of maintenance scheduled. 
Before the completion of any maintenance work.
Before the completion of any defect rectification.

The ratings issued for an AMO are classified:     (Level 1)
@@Aircraft ratings, Powerplant ratings, Propeller ratings, Avionics ratings, Computer systems ratings, Instrument ratings, Accessory ratings.
Aircraft ratings
Accessory ratings
Avionics ratings

Maintenance Organization Procedure Manual of a CAAV approved maintenance organisation is approved by. (Level 1)
@@CAAV.
AMO.
The Operator.
The manufacture.

Accountable Manager of a CAAV approved maintenance organisation is accepted by. (Level 1)
@@CAAV.
AMO.
The Operator.
The manufacturer.

The capability list of a CAAV approved maintenance organisation is approved by. (Level 1)
@@CAAV.
AMO.
The Operator.
The manufacture.

What are the most suitable requirements for storage condition of an AMO? (Level 1)
Storage conditions shall be provided security for serviceable parts
Storage conditions shall be segregated of serviceable /unserviceable parts, and prevent deterioration of and damage to stored items
@@Storage conditions shall be provided security for serviceable parts, segregation of serviceable /unserviceable parts, and prevent deterioration of and damage to stored items
There is not special requirement

Which following answer is correct? (Level 1)
A maintenance release shall be issued by CRS cat A or cat B or cat C and carried out by the AMO holder in accordance with the maintenance procedure manual
A maintenance release shall be issued by CRS cat A, cat C
A maintenance release shall be issued by CRS cat C
@@A maintenance release shall be issued by appropriately authorised certifying staff, when satisfied that all required maintenance of the aircraft or aircraft component has been properly carried out by the AMO holder in accordance with the maintenance procedure manual

When found any identified condition that could present a serious hazard to the aircraft (un-airworthy conditions), AMO holder shall report to?  (Level 1)
CAAV, Aircraft operator 
The aircraft design organization.
@@CAAV, aircraft operator, the aircraft design organization.
sign the CRS same as normal maintenance activity

When does the AMO holder send the reporting of un-airworthy conditions to the CAAV? (Level 1)
@@as soon as practicable, but in any case, within 3 working days 
in any case within 4 working days.
in any case within 2 working days.
in any case within 1 working day

All airworthiness technical data used by the AMO holder be. (Level 1)
@@kept current and made available to all personnel who require access to that data to perform their duties.
not backed-up.
used any revision by personnel who perform their duty.
secured and protected from maintenance staff.

The holder of an AMO certificate shall. (Level 1)
No need to display its approved certificate.
Display approved certificate in CEO office.
Display approved certificate when be requested. 
@@Display approved certificate in a place in the facilities that is normally accessible to the public and that is not obscured. 

In a CAAV approved maintenance organisation, A Certificate of Release to Service must be retained for. (Level 1)
two years after expiry of period of validity.
@@two years after date of issue.
six months after date of issue.
errror

What is Aircraft rating class 1 of an AMO. (Level 1)
@@Aircraft (other than rotorcraft and aircraft composed primarily of composite material) of 5,700 kg maximum certificated take-off weight or less.
Reciprocating engines.
Aircraft computer systems.
Mechanic rating.

The AMO holder shall have available the necessary equipment, tools, and material to perform the approved scope of work and these items shall be under full control of the AMO holder.The availability of equipment and tools means. (Level 1)
@@Permanent availability except in the case of any tool or equipment that is so rarely needed that its permanent availability is not necessary.
Necessary tool or equipment can be ordered during performing the related work.
Necessary tool or equipment can be rented and no need to be controlled. 
All of above

Storage conditions. (Level 1)
Can be accessed by anyone.
Can be unsecured. 
@@Be provided security for serviceable parts, segregation of serviceable from unserviceable parts, and prevent deterioration of and damage to stored items.
Be provided prevent deterioration of and damage to stored items

The CAAV approved certificate for an AMO is effective for:  (Level 1)
@@12 months.
18 months.
24 months.
36 months.

How long shall the AMO keep the record of a certifying person, as required by CAAV?     (Level 1)
@@24 calendar months after that person has ceased employment with the AMO or upon withdrawal of his or her authorisation.
12 calendar months after that person has ceased employment with the AMO or upon withdrawal of his or her authorisation.
36 calendar months after that person has ceased employment with the AMO or upon withdrawal of his or her authorisation.
60 calendar months after that person has ceased employment with the AMO or upon withdrawal of his or her authorisation.

When shall an AMO holder apply for renewal of the certificate and ratings?    (Level 1)
@@30 working days preceding the expiry date.
60 working days preceding the expiry date.
90 working days preceding the expiry date.
45 working days preceding the expiry date.

Which changes must the AMO holder provide written notification to CAAV in any case?    (Level 1)
@@The location of the organization.
Tools & equipment.
Facilities.
Work scope.

Which following statement about a maintenance release is not correct?   (Level 1)
are kept for 2 years from the release date.
shall be issued by appropriately authorised certifying staff.
are signed before each flight.
@@are signed after each flight.

According to CAAV VAR part 5, aircraft ratings are classified into:   (Level 1)
@@7 classes.
6 classes.
5 classes.
4 classes.

According to CAAV VAR part 5, aircraft, Powerplant ratings are classified into:    (Level 1)
@@3 classes.
4 classes.
5 classes.
6 classes.

Airworthiness data that use for maintenance is kept for. (Level 1)
three years after the aircraft or aircraft product to which the work relates was released from the AMO.
@@two years after the aircraft or aircraft product to which the work relates was released from the AMO.
two years after the aircraft has been withdrawn from service.
three years after the aircraft has been withdrawn from service.

Initial Report Of another incident (level C & D) Shall be sent to CAAV. (Level 1)
within 24 hours.
within 48 hours.
@@within 72 hours.
within 96 hours

Engine and propeller logbook requirements are covered in. (Level 1)
VAR Part 5.
@@VAR Part 4 & VAR Part 12.
VAR Part 9.
VAR Part 7

For Vietnam registered aircraft, components must be. (Level 1)
maintained by an EASA part 145 approved organisation.
@@maintained by a VAR Part 5 approved organisation, or any appropriate approved organisation.
maintained by a FAA part 145 approved organisation registered in Vietnam.
maintained by a VAR Part 5 approved organisation.

A VAR Part 5 approval covers. (Level 1)
Base maintenance.
A major part of the organisation.
Only line maintenance.
@@ALL of the approved maintenance organisation.

VAR Part 5 establishes the requirements to be met by an organisation to qualify for the: (Level 1)
@@issue or continuation of an approval for the maintenance of aircraft and components.
issue or continuation of an approval for the maintenance of  components and overhaul of aircraft engine and propeller.
issue or continuation of an approval for the maintenance of aircraft and components and training maintenance staff.
issue or continuation of an approval for the production of aircraft and components.

The organisation shall appoint an accountable manager who has corporate authority for ensuring that  (Level 1)
All maintenance required by the customer can be financed and carried out to the standard required by local authority requirements.
@@All maintenance required by the customer can be financed and carried out to the standard required by VAR Part 5.
All maintenance required by the customer can be financed and carried out to the standard that is specified in MOE Maintenance Organization Exposition (MOE).
All maintenance required by the customer can be carried out to the standard required by VAR Part 5.

Under the VAR Part 5 approval system, an A1 rating relates to aircraft (Level 1)
On base maintenance only.
Of 5700 kg MTOW and below.
@@Exceeding 5700 kg MTOW.
Exceeding 2700 kg MTOW

Who is responsible for appoint a person with responsibility for monitoring the quality system: (Level 1)
@@The accountable manager
Competent authority
The CAAV
The CEO of an AMO.

The nominated a person or group of persons, whose responsibilities include ensuring that the organisation complies with VAR Part 5 shall be identified and their credentials submitted:  (Level 1)
in a CAAV Form 1 
in a CAAV Form 2 
@@in a CAAV Form 4 
in a CAAV Form 9

The organisation must ensure that all certifying staff and B1 and B2 support staff receive sufficient continuation training in each 2 year period to ensure that such certifying staff have up to date knowledge of relevant: (Level 1)
Technology and organisation procedures and human factor issues and VAR Part 5
Technology and organisation procedures and human factor issues and VAR Part 5 and VAR Part 7.
@@Technology and organisation procedures and human factor issues.
Technology and organisation procedures and human factor issues and VAR Part 5 and VAR Part 4.

Category B1/B2 certifying / support staffs must be: (Level 1)
@@Not less than 18 years of age
There is no Age limitation
Not less than 21 years of age
Not less than 20 years of age

The organisation shall retain the record for all certifying staff and support staff at least: (Level 1)
@@Two years after the staff have ceased employment with the organization or as soon as the authorisation has been withdrawn.
Three years after the staff have ceased employment with the organization or as soon as the authorisation has been withdrawn.
One years after the staff have ceased employment with the organization or as soon as the authorisation has been withdrawn.
Forever.

Certifying staff shall produce their certification authorisation to authorised person, as requested, (Level 1)
immediately.
within 24 hours.
@@within a reasonable time.
within 72 hours.

The organisation shall ensure that all tools, equipment and particularly test equipment, as appropriate, are controlled and calibrated according to: (Level 1)
@@an officially recognized standard at a frequency to ensure serviceability and accuracy.
an national standard at a frequency to ensure serviceability and accuracy.
an industrial standard at a frequency to ensure serviceability and accuracy
errror

Where the manufacturer specifies a particular tool or equipment, the organisation shall use that tool or equipment, unless the use of alternative tooling or equipment is agreed: (Level 1)
by the customer who contract with maintenance organization for performing aircraft maintenance.
by the manufacturer of alternative tooling or equipment.
@@by the CAAV via procedures specified in the exposition.
by the QA manager.

The conditions of storage for components, equipment, tools and material in order to prevent deterioration and damage of stored items are: (Level 1)
@@in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
the international or national standard. 
the standard acceptable to CAAV.
the standard approved by CAAV

Unserviceable aircraft equipment should not be stored (Level 1)
In a goods-in store.
On unservicable shelves around the hangar.
@@With servicable spares.
On unservicable shelves in store.

Can VAR Part 5 approved maintenance organization fabricate aircraft part? (Level 1)
@@Yes, but a restricted range of parts to be used in the course of undergoing work within its own facilities.
No, only organization approved under VAR Part 21.
Yes, but a restricted range of parts to be used in the course of undergoing work within its own facilities and to be sold to operators.
Yes, but a restricted range of parts and released by the CAAV Form 1.

How long does an approved organisation have to retain maintenance records?. (Level 1)
Five years after aircraft leaves service or is scrapped. 
Three years from the date the aircraft or component to which the work relates was released from the organisation.
Three years after the organisation has released the aircraft and Five years after the aircraft has been scrapped. 
@@Two years from the date the aircraft or component to which the work relates was released from the organisation.

A situation is found which could hazard an aircraft, while it is undergoing maintenance by a Part-145 organisation.The situation must be reported within. (Level 1)
48 hours.
24 hours.
@@72 hours.
96 hours.

The organisation shall establish a quality system that includes the following: (Level 1)
@@Independent audits and quality feedback reporting system
Independent audits and internal occurrence reporting system
Independent inspection and internal closed-loop reporting system
Hazard indentification and Risk management.

‘Maintenance organization exposition’ means the document or documents that: (Level 1)
Showing how the organization intends to comply with VAR Part 5 and is not  approved by the CAAV.
@@Contain the material specifying the scope of work deemed to constitute approval and showing how the organization intends to comply with VAR Part 5.
contain the material specifying the scope of work deemed to constitute approval and is not approved by the CAAV.
Contain set of procedure approved by the accoutable manager.

The VAR Part 5 approved maintenance organisation shall be entitled to carry out the: (Level 1)
@@Maintain any aircraft and/or component for which it is approved at the locations identified in the approval certificate and in the exposition.
Maintain any aircraft and/or component for which it is approved at the locations identified in the approval certificate.
Maintain any aircraft and/or component for which it is approved at the locations identified in the exposition.
Maintain any aircraft and/or component for which it is approved at any locations requated by the customer.

The organisation shall only maintain an aircraft or component for which it is approved when (Level 1)
@@all the necessary facilities, equipment, tooling, material, maintenance data and certifying staff are available.
all the necessary facilities, equipment, tooling, material are met requirements specified in VAR Part 5  and certifying staff are met requirements specified in VAR Part 7.
there is permitted by the competent authority.
there is permitted by the customer.

An approval certificate for maintenance organization (Level 1)
@@shall valid in 1 years
shall valid in 2 years
shall valid in 3 years
shall be issued for an unlimited duration.

How many items can be released by one Authorised Release Certificate CAAV Form 1   (Level 1)
unlimited items providing they are identical part numbers.
@@unlimited items with different part numbers.
only one item entered onto it.
the limitation to 10 items.

When completion of maintenance including component replacement, which of the followings is issued?   (Level 1)
Certificate of maintenance review.
@@Maintenance Release.
A maintenance statement.
CAAV form 1.

Which is the definition of the authorised release certificate CAAV form 1:    (Level 1)
an issued from the tech log prior to the flight.
@@an CAAV approved aircraft parts release document issued by approved organisations.
a document used to return or release unserviceable components from the aircraft.
an international aircraft parts release document issued by approved organisations.

How many level of aviation accidents, incidents and occurrences: (Level 1)
@@5 levels   
6 levels 
7 levels 
8 levels   

When the VAR Part5 organization completes the overhaul of an aircraft part. (Level 1)
@@the maintenance records with a certified CRS are retained by the AMO and a copy of CAAV Form 1 is issued to the customer.
the Worksheets with a certified CRS are placed in the aircraft file with the log books.
the Worksheets are retained by the overhaul organization in their own files.
the Worksheets with a certified CRS and a CAAV Form 1 is issued to the customer.

Maintenance release statement issued by a VAR Part5 organisation is prescribed in (Level 1)
VAR Part 20.
VAR Part 4.
@@Appendix 1 to VAR Part 5, 5.150(b).
VAR Part 7.

Authorisation for an AMT licence holder in VAR Part 5 AMO is issued by?    (Level 1)
The CAAV.
@@VAR Part 5 approved oganization.
VAR Part 9 approved oganization.
VAR Part 20 approved oganization.

VAR Part 5 approved organisation must perform the independent audit of a department with minimum frequency of once every: (Level 1)
6 months.
@@12 months.
24 months.
36 months.

The VAR Part 5 AMO Certificate is issued for: (Level 1)
@@12 months  from the date of issue.
24 months from the date of issue.
36 months from the date of issue.
no limitation.

What is issued after a mandatory inspection has been carried out?    (Level 1)
A Flight Release Certificate.
A Certificate of Maintenance Review.
@@Maintenance release.
Maintenance statement.

As required by VAR Part 5, a maintenance release is required    (Level 1)
@@At the completion of any maintenance on an aircraft component when off the aircraft .
At the completion of any maintenance on an aircraft component when installed on the aircraft.
Before the completion of any package of maintenance scheduled by the approved aircraft maintenance programme on the aircraft.
Before the completion of any defect rectification before the flight.

What is class 1 aircraft rating issued for an AMO. (Level 1)
To maintain an aircraft with over 13610 kg MTOM.
To maintain an aircraft over 2730 kg MTOM.
To maintain an aircraft over 5700 kg MTOM.
@@To maintain an aircraft less than 5700 kg MTOM.

VAR Part 7 licensed AMT category B2 can    (Level 1)
@@Performing and return to service maintenance work on avionic and electric system
Performing and return to service maintenance work on electronic system only
sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on the aircraft structure, systems and propulsion systems engine and electric 
sign completion of maintenance after implementation maintenance work planned on aircraft 

Maintenance function can be contracted by an AMO to    (Level 1)
any organization.
An EASA part 145 approved organization.
An FAA part 145 approved organization.
@@any nonapproved organization that is listed in AMO Maintenance Organisation Exposition

What contain in VAR Part 5  (Level 1)
@@Requirements for an organization that intend to provide maintenance service on Vietnam registered aircraft.
applies to all Vietnam Aircraft.
Requirements for training organization.
Requirements for production organization.

VAR Part 5 approved organization is required to retained maintenance record for a period of   (Level 1)
3 years after the aircraft component is permanently removed from service or destroyed. 
@@2 years from the date the aircraft or aircraft component was released from the VAR Part 5 approved maintenance organization.
5 years after the aircraft or aircraft component has been destroyed or permanently removed from service.
2 years after the aircraft or aircraft component has been destroyed or permanently removed from service.

Personnel requirements for organizations approved to perform maintenance on commercial transport aircraft are specified in (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 5.
VAR Part 4.
VAR Part 7.
VAR Part 9

An examination of an aircraft component to confirm conformity with a standard approved by CAAV is described in the CAAV Form 1, as (Level 1)
replacement.
@@inspection.
overhaul.
inspection.

AMT catergory B1 can    (Level 1)
Perform and return to service maintenance work on avionic and electric system.
Perform and return to service maintenance work on avionic system.
@@Perform and return to service maintenance work on the aircraft structure, systems and propulsion systems engine and electric system.
Perform and return to service maintenance work planned on aircraft.

Aircraft maintenance technician must be. (Level 1)
@@18 and older.
There is no Age limitation.
21 and older.
20 and older.

VAR Part 7 is. (Level 1)
@@Aviation personnel licence.
Air Operators Certificate.
The Approved Organisation.
Continuing Airworthiness of Aircraft.

VAR Part 7 applicable to. (Level 1)
@@all persons seeking licences under the aviation regulation of Vietnam.
all persons who perform maintenance on an aircraft registered in Vietnam.
all persons who perform maintenance on an aircraft operated in Vietnam.
all person who working for a CAAV approved maintenance organisation.

To be eligible for an AMT licence. (Level 1)
@@Be at least 18 years of age.
Be at least 20 years of age.
Be at least 22 years of age.
Be at least 24 years of age.

An engineer may issue a CRS if they. (Level 1)
have a company approval.
@@are LWTR (licensed with type rating) and company approved on the appropriate type of aircraft.
are type rated on any equivalent aircraft type.
are licensed with class rating and company approved on the appropriate type of aircraft.

Where would you normally train for licences?   (Level 1)
@@At a VAR Part 9 approved organisation.
At a VAR Part 5 approved organisation.
At a technical training school.
At a VAR Part 21 approved organisation.

To what does a B13 License apply to?    (Level 1)
@@Helicopter with turbines, their engines, airframes and electrics.
Light aircraft with piston engines.
Helicopters with piston engines, their engines, airframes and electrics.
Aeroplanes Turbine.

What can an A1 licensed engineer sign for?. (Level 1)
Minor Scheduled Line Maintenance tasks on turbine engined helicopters.
@@Minor Scheduled Line Maintenance tasks on turbine engined aircraft.
Minor Scheduled Line Maintenance tasks on piston engined aircraft.
Minor Scheduled Line Maintenance check on piston engine helicopter.

Who can sign a CRS?   (Level 1)
Any licensed engineer.
@@An appropriately licensed engineer.
An unlicensed engineer who has permission from the Chief Inspector.
The Pilot.

Where would you find the requirements and the syllabus for a maintenance license?. (Level 1)
VAR Part 5  
@@VAR Part 7
VAR Part 9
VAR Part 10 

An A1 licensed mechanic can sign for. (Level 1)
Aeroplanes and Helicopters.
Aeroplanes  Piston.
@@Aeroplanes  Turbine.
Helicopters - Piston

Who issues a VAR Part 7 AMT licence?    (Level 1)
VAR Part 9 organisation.
A VAR Part 5 organisation.
@@The CAAV.
ICAO.

How long is a VAR Part 7 AMT licence valid?   (Level 1)
initially 2 years then reissued for a period of 5 years.
initially 5 years then reissued for a period of 2 years.
@@5 years.
No limit.

A B2 AMT License allows aircraft maintenance technician to sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on. (Level 1)
airframe structure and powerplants.
@@electrical systems and avionics.
airframe structure.
avionics only.

What does a B13 approval apply to?    (Level 1)
Light Aircraft with Piston Engines.
@@Helicopters with Turbine Engines, airframe and electrics.
Helicopters with Piston Engines, airframe and electrics.
Aeroplanes with Piston Engines, airframe and electrics.

A VAR Part 7 maintenance license remains valid.  (Level 1)
if he/she has received continuation training in the last 2 years.
@@if he/she has worked on aircraft for 6 months in the last 2 years.
if he/she has worked on aircraft for 4 months in the last 2 years.
If the VAR Part 7 maintenance license is still within the due date shown on it

A category A licence. (Level 1)
@@is automatically issued with a category B1 licence.
is automatically issued with a category B2 licence.
is automatically issued with both a category B2 and C licence.
is automatically issued with a category C licence

Who carries out the practical task training required for a category A licence?    (Level 1)
@@Either a VAR Part 5 or a VAR Part 9 organisation.
A VAR Part 9 organisation only.
A VAR Part 5 organisation only.
A VAR Part 21 production organization.

When can a Licenced Aircraft Engineering sign a CRS?    (Level 1)
For any aircraft for which he has a type rating.
For any aircraft for which his company has VAR Part 5 approval.
@@For any aircraft for which he has a type endorsement on his license and holds the appropriate company approval.
For any aircraft for which he has a type endorsement on his license and his company has VAR Part 5 approval.

The time scale for retaining training records within a VAR Part 9 ATO is. (Level 1)
five years after the candidate leaves the course.
three years after the course.
five years after the completion of the course.
@@2 years after the completion of the course.

If an engineer has an aircraft maintenance license without type rating, he/she can. (Level 1)
@@not sign anything, there are no certification rights offered by the license alone.
sign the CRS.
sign the CRS for aircraft above 5700 kg only.
sign the CRS for aircraft below 5700 kg only.

With reference to the licensing of aircraft maintenance engineers, the requirements for the issue of a licence without type rating can be found in. (Level 1)
VAR Part 4.
@@VAR Part 7.
VAR Part 5.
VAR Part 9.

Within an aircraft maintenance organisation approved in accordance with VAR Part the limitations of an individual's certification authorization base on. (Level 1)
the authorisation certificate.
@@the aircraft maintenance licence.
the personnel records.
the personnel experience.

A Category A VAR Part 7 licensed engineer can certify for work carried out. (Level 1)
@@by him/herself only.
by anyone within an approved organisation.
by anyone, even if they are independent of an approved organisation.
by anyone work under he/her supervision.

What are the language skill requirements of a VAR Part 7 licensed engineer?   (Level 1)
@@Read, write, speak, and understand the English language.
Read, write, speak, and understand the Vietnamese language.
Read, write, speak, and understand the language is written on the aircraft maintenance manual.
Read, write, speak, and understand both English and Vietnamese.

An aircraft type approval endorsement to a VAR Part7 AMT licence is only provided after. (Level 1)
adequate theoretical training.
@@adequate theoretical and practical training.
adequate practical training.
errror

VAR Part 7 applies to aircraft. (Level 1)
below 5700 kg only.
@@above and below 5700 kg.
above 5700 kg only.
above 2730 kg.

In order to obtain a type rated approval on initial aircraft, an engineer must. (Level 1)
must work on aircraft for 12 months.
have a manufacturers course.
@@work on the type of aircraft involved for 12 months.
work on the type of aircraft involved for 3 months.

What experience is required for an A1 license?    (Level 1)
2 years or 1 year if qualified in another profession.
@@3 years or 2 years if qualified in another profession.
5 years or 3 years if trained by 147 company.
4 years or 2 years if trained by 147 company

The usual qualification route for a Category C licensed engineer is. (Level 1)
@@3 years experience as a B1.1, B1.3 or B2 engineer.
8 years experience as a B1.1, B1.3 or B2 engineer.
5 years experience as a B1.1, B1.3 or B2 engineer.
4 years experience as a B1.1, B1.3 or B2 engineer.

An AMT category A licensed mechanic can. (Level 1)
@@certify minor line tasks which he has done himself and for which he has approval.
certify minor line tasks which he or other line mechanics have done and for which he has approval.
certify line maintenance checks.
certify base maintenance checks

The minimum experience for qualification of a B1 or B2 licensed engineer is. (Level 1)
4 years reducing to 3 years if trained in a VAR Part 9 approved organization.
@@5 years reducing to 3 years if trained in a non-aviation technical trade.
4 years reducing to 2 years if trained in a nonaviation trade.
3 years reducing to 1 years if trained in a VAR Part 9 approved organization

Which of the following are the subsections of a VAR Part 7 maintenance licence in category A?     (Level 1)
@@Aeroplanes  Piston, helicopters Piston, Aeroplanes Turbine and Helicopters Turbine.
Aeroplanes  Piston and helicopters Piston.
Aeroplanes  Turbine and helicopters Turbine.
Aeroplanes – Piston and Turbine.

A VAR Part 7 CAT A licensed engineer can. (Level 1)
@@sign the CRS for minor line maintenance, within the limits of tasks specifically endorsed on the authorisation sign the CRS for minor line maintenance, within the limits of tasks specifically endorsed on the authorisation.
sign the CRS for any line maintenance and defect repairs.
sign the CRS for any minor line repairs.
Can not sign the CRS and only work to support CAT B. 

An A licence is automatically granted with the issue of which of the following?    (Level 1)
B1 or B2.
@@B1.
B2.
C. 

VAR Part 7 maintenance experience requirements could not reduced with. (Level 1)
@@aircraft production experience.
completion of training at a VAR Part 9 approved school.
completion of training in accordance with skilled technical staff in other technical fields.
holding maintenance licence of other aircraft type.

A category C certifying staff authorisation permits the holder to issue a block CRS after. (Level 1)
@@base maintenance.
line maintenance and defect rectification.
any line or base maintenance.
Pre-flight inspection.

A B1.2 engineer can certify. (Level 1)
aircraft  turbine engined. 
aircraft both turbine and piston engined. 
@@aircraft  piston engined. 
aeroplanes turbine engined. 

A B1.3 engineer can certify. (Level 1)
helicopters  both turbine and piston engined. 
helicopters  piston engined. 
@@helicopters  turbine engined. 
aeroplanes turbine engined. 

How long is an AMT licence valid?    (Level 1)
2 years.
@@5 years.
3 years.
Unlimited. 

An AMT licence is valid for. (Level 1)
2 years.
@@5 years.
initially 2 years, then subsequently 5 years.
No limit.

The full responsibilities of a licence engineer with regard to the CRS (certificate of release to service) will be found in. (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 7.
VAR Part 4.
VAR Part 5.
VAR Part 9.

A rated aircraft maintenance engineer may issue a CRS (Certificate of release to service) relating to an associated electrical system within limitations laid down in. (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 7.
VAR Part 5.
VAR Part 4.
VAR Part 9

With reference to AMT license, type rating can be found in. (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 7 
VAR Part 5  
VAR Part 12
VAR Part 9 

Which VAR Part’s part prescribes the requirements of Vietnam for issuance of aircraft maintenance licence. (Level 1)
VAR Part 4.
VAR Part 5.
@@VAR Part 7.
VAR Part 6

When CAAV inspector requests, the license of maintenance staff shall be provided?     (Level 1)
@@At the time of the request.
24h after the time of the request.
No need to be provided. 
errror

VAR Part 7 is deal with. (Level 1)
maintenance.
approvals.
@@licensing.
airworthiness.

As requirement of Record of training time of VAR Part 7, Each person shall document and record in the training record the following time. (Level 1)
Training and aeronautical experience used to meet the requirements for a licence, rating, qualification, authorisation, or flight review.
The required aeronautical experience.
@@Training and aeronautical experience used to meet the requirements for a licence, rating, qualification, authorisation, or flight review and the required aeronautical experience.
Working time.

Normally, the validity of CAAV license for AMT is (Level 1)
@@5 years.
2 years.
3 years.
4 years

Aircraft maintenance technician authorised by the CAAV to inspect and review maintenance. (Level 1)
need not be AMT.
must be have an aeronautical degree.
@@must be AMT qualified at CAT B1 or B2.
must be AMT qualified at CAT C. 

What would be a modification?    (Level 1)
A change has not previously been approved by FAA. 
A change has previously been approved. 
A restoration of an aircraft/ aircraft component to a serviceable condition in conformity with an approved standard. 
@@A change to the type design of an aircraft, engine or propeller.

A licenced engineer who is convicted to a drug or alcohol-related offense may be denied any license for a period of up to: (Level 1)
06 months.
@@12 months.
24 months.
36 months  

Completion of maintenance after implementation maintenance work planned on aircraft at VAR Part 5 AMO is cetified by?   (Level 1)
the Category B certifying staff.
@@the Category C certifying staff.
the Accountable Manager.
the Maintenance Controller.

An AMT license holder can only perform the license privilege when satifying that   (Level 1)
he/she has received continuation training as required in VAR Part 7.
he/she has worked on the aircraft type for at least 12 months within the last 2 years.
@@he/ she must have a minimum of 6 months of maintenance experience directly under the rating granted AMT license.
During the previous one year, he/ she have a minimum of 6 months of maintenance experience directly under the rating granted AMT license or evidence met the conditions for licensing related. 

A category B1 certifying staff is permitted to issue certificates of release to service for following    (Level 1)
@@Maintenance work on avionic and electric system
Maintenance work on avionic system
Maintenance work on the aircraft structure, systems and propulsion systems engine and electric 
Maintenance work planned on aircraft 

A category B1 certifying staff is permitted to issue certificates of release to service for following. (Level 1)
Maintenance work on avionic and electric system.
Maintenance work on avionic system
@@Maintenance work on the aircraft structure, systems and propulsion systems engine and electric. 
Maintenance work planned on aircraft 

The age of category B1, B2 must be older than (Level 1)
@@18
There is no Age limitation
19
20

When being requested, certifying staff must present he/ she certification authorisation to authorised person (Level 1)
immediately.
within 24 hours.
@@within a reasonable time.
within 72 hours.

Which organization can provide training and examination that required for AMT as spesified in VAR Part 7? (Level 1)
@@At a VAR Part 9 approved organisation.
At a VAR Part 5 approved organisation.
At a technical training school.
At a VAR Part 21 approved organisation.

A category B1.3 certifying staff is permitted to issue certificates of release to service for  (Level 1)
@@Helicopter with turbines, their engines, airframes and electrics.
Light aircraft with piston engines.
Helicopters with piston engines, their engines, airframes and electrics.
Aeroplanes Turbine.

A category A1 certifying staff is permitted to issue certificates of release to service for   (Level 1)
Minor Scheduled Line Maintenance tasks on turbine engined helicopters.
@@Minor Scheduled Line Maintenance tasks on turbine engined aircraft.
Minor Scheduled Line Maintenance tasks on piston engined aircraft.
Minor Scheduled Line Maintenance check on piston engine helicopter.

A type certificate is. (Level 1)
issued after a Certificate of Registration.
@@issued before a Certificate of Airworthiness.
issued after a Certificate of Airworthiness.
issued after a Maintenance Release.

A Type Certificate is a.  (Level 1)
requirement prior to the issue of a C of A for aircraft in the Transport Category.
requirement for aircraft above 2730Kg MTWA. 
@@prerequisite to the issue of a C of A. 
requirement for issue Noise certificate.

A type certificate is issued to. (Level 1)
aircraft identical in all major areas to a previous approved aircraft.
aircraft similar to a previous aircraft but with design differences.
@@aircraft, engine and propeller.
Aircraft and Aircraft component.

The information contained in the VAR Part 21 are (Level 1)
Air Operator Certification and Administration.
Issuance, Recognition, Renewal of the Certificate of Airworthiness.
@@Issuance of Certificate for Aircraft and Products, Equipment’s of Aircraft.
Approved Maintenance Organization.

Aircraft registration as the foreign nationality but the operation follow the Air Operator Certificate issued by CAAV . (Level 1)
can fly with an export C of A. 
must have a C of A issued in Vietnam before it can fly.
@@can fly with a foreign C of A, providing that the C of A recognized by the CAAV.
can fly one non-commercial flight without a C of A. 

To facilitate a repair, a drawing can be taken from. (Level 1)
the local authority.
the manufacturer.
a VAR Part 5 organisation.
@@the approved design organization.

Documents to be carried on a specific aircraft for a specific purpose is given in. (Level 1)
VAR Part 5  
@@VAR Part 10
AOC
VAR Part 4

The validity of a special flight permit to fly is. (Level 1)
12 months.
7 days.
@@as stated on the certificate.
No limit.

An Airworthiness Directive contains. (Level 1)
@@a list of maintenance tasks to be carried out on a particular aircraft as approved by the International Civil Aviation.
information concerning the airworthiness of aircraft and are distributed by the CAA. 
a detailed description of a problem and corrective action to be taken.
a list of maintenance tasks to be carried out on a particular aircraft/ aircraft component, required to be done in order to prevent endangering the safety incidents.

Exemption or deviation from the Aviation Regulations of Vietnam can be granted by:   (Level 1)
@@CAAV.
VAR Part 12 approved Operator.
VAR Part 5 approved maintenance organization.
Continuing Airworthiness Management Organisation

The aircraft owner's Name Plate must be fixed.  (Level 1)
near the main entrance of the aircraft.
on the instrument panel.
on the rear fuselage.
on the front fuselage.

VAR Part 2 applies to. (Level 1)
@@the owner, lessee and operator of aircraft having Vietnamese nationality.
the owners of the aircraft having Vietnamese nationality.
the Lessee of the aircraft having Vietnamese nationality.
the operator of the aircraft having Vietnamese nationality.

If an aircraft which owned by abroad individual or agencies is dry leased or leased by Vietnamese agencies or individuals with period of 24 months or more, it must be registered to Vietnam nationality within:    (Level 1)
3 months from the date when it introduced into operation in Vietnam.
@@6 months from the date when it introduced into operation in Vietnam.
12 months from the date when it introduced into operation in Vietnam.
9 months from the date when it introduced into operation in Vietnam.

Who is responsible to register the aircraft nationality (Level 1)
@@The owners or the lessee or the aircraft operators.
AMO.
CAMO.
CAAV.

An aircraft operators MEL. (Level 1)
@@can be more restrictive than the aircrafts MMEL.
can be less restrictive than the aircrafts MMEL.
must be the same as the aircrafts MMEL.
not required. 

Each page of aircraft technical logbook should be numbered at least:   (Level 1)
@@three copies.
four copies.
two copies.
five copies.

Aircraft display Air Operators Certificate is described in: (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 12/ Appendix 1 to 12.017.
VAR Part 12/ Appendix 2 to 12.017.
VAR Part 12/ Appendix 3 to 12.017.
VAR Part 12/ Appendix 4 to 12.017.

To determine the load rate and distribution of goods does not exceed the limit on mas and balance of the aircraft.When the operator must complete weight and balance documentation?   (Level 1)
any time when base maintenance is carried out.
as specified in the Maintenance Schedule.
prior to a C of A renewal.
@@prior to each flight to sort and distribute goods

The minimum equipment list is approved by. (Level 1)
@@CAAV.
The Operator.
The manufacture.
The AMO.

Based on maintenance programme information made available by the State of Design, the operator will prepare the aircraft maintenance programme.Who is responsible for approving the Aircraft Maintenance Programme:    (Level 1)
@@CAAV.
The Operator.
The AMO.
The Manufacture.

How long is the Maintenance Review required for aircraft with a maximum take-off weight of more than 2,730 kg?  (Level 1)
1 year.
@@6 months.
4 months.
3 months.

How long is the Maintenance Review required for aircraft with a maximum take-off weight of less than 2,730 kg?. (Level 1)
@@12 months.
6 months.
4 months.
3 months.

The operator shall not operate an aeroplane unless maintenance on the aeroplane, including any associated engine, propeller and part, is carried out: (Level 1)
an approved organization complying with VAR Part 5 Vietnam Aviation Regulations
@@by an approved organization complying with Part 5 Vietnam Aviation Regulations or by an organization approved by another Contracting State and is accepted by the CAAV.
an engineer independent of a VAR Part5 company
not required

If a defect is raised and deferred.  (Level 1)
It is recorded in Technical Manual  
@@It is attached to or aligned with the aircraft technical log 
It is recorded in Deferred Defect Manual
It is recorded in a manner regulated by owner of aircraft that is not needed the acceptance of CAAV 

For CAAV registered aircraft, when maintenance is not carried out by an approved maintenance organization, who shall the maintenance release be completed and signed?: (Level 1)
@@a person appropriately licensed in accordance with VAR Part 7
a person appropriately licensed in accordance with regulatory requirements of State of Registry other than Vietnam that complied with Annex 1 
a person appropriately trained in accordance with VAR Part 9 
no one other than personnel of an AMO 

The responsibility to keep and maintain aircraft logbooks belongs to    (Level 1)
the owner.
@@the operator.
the VAR Part145 organization maintaining the aircraft.
CAAV 

As required in VAR Part 12, what logbooks (records of maintenance, check, inspections, repair, and modification activities performed on the aircraft) are required for an AOC holder?  (Level 1)
Technical logbook.
Aircraft logbook.
Engine/ APU logbook.
@@Aircraft/Engine/APU/Modification Logbooks

Who is responsible to conduct investigation on aviation accidents and serious incidents occurring in the Vietnamese territory or flight information regions managed by Vietnam?    (Level 1)
@@CAAV.
Operator.
AMO.
CAMO

Which VAR Part stipulates the requirements for mandatory occurence report    (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 19  
VAR Part 20.
VAR Part 21.
VAR Part 22

Which Sup-part of VAR Part 19 Part stipulates the requirements for ACCIDENT & INCIDENT INVESTIGATION. (Level 1)
VAR Part 19, sub-part C. 
@@VAR Part 19, sub-part E.
VAR Part 19, sub-part G.
VAR Part 19, sub-part H

Which VAR Part covers Noise Certification requirements?    (Level 1)
EASA CS25 that recognised by CAAV.
VAR Part 21 Chapter K.
@@VAR Part 21 SUBPART I.
VAR Part 10

Which of the following does not require a Noise Certificate?    (Level 1)
A helicopter under 5700 kg.
@@A small business jet aircraft.
A fixed wing aircraft under 2730 kg.
A helicopter over 5700 kg.

The type certificate and provisional type certificate has to renew within:   (Level 1)
@@it is only issued once.
every year.
two years.
three years.

What could invalidate a Noise Certificate?   (Level 1)
@@The aircraft is transferred the registration
An unauthorised or unapproved repair is carried out.
Once issued, nothing can invalidate it.
When the engine is changed. 

When is a Noise Certificate required to be carried aboard the aircraft?    (Level 1)
@@At all times.
When flying with a special flight permit.
When flying for a flight test after maintenance.
When flying for a VIP flight.

An aircraft is capable of safe flight, but unable to meet applicable airworthiness requirements, CAAV may issue Special Flight Permits to the aircraft for the purpose:  (Level 1)
issue a Certificate of Fitness to Fly since the C of A has been invalidated. 
@@Flying to a base where maintenance is to be performed, or to a point of storage.
issue a Permit to Fly.
issue a new C of R.

The Flight Manual is part of the. (Level 1)
CAAV Form 1.
@@Certificate of Airworthiness.
Certificate of Registration.
Air Operator Certificate

What Certificate must an Operator have to flies for public transport and cargo carrying?     (Level 1)
Air Navigation Certificate.
Air Transport Licence.
@@Air Operators Certificate.
Certificate of Airworthiness.

The validity of a C of A extends for. (Level 1)
six months.
@@as stated on the certificate or 12 months.
the life of the aircraft or a change of ownership.
18 months.

A certificate of airworthiness is a requirement of. (Level 1)
VAR Part 21.
VAR Part 
@@VAR Part 4.
VAR Part 10.

What is the period of validity for a Certificate of Registration?    (Level 1)
Until a change of ownership or maintenance arrangements.
@@Until a change of ownership.
The same as for the aircrafts C of A. 
The same as for AOC. 

When a flight test is necessary, and the C of A has expired.  (Level 1)
the flight can only be authorised by a CAAV.
a certificate for fitness of flight shall be issued. 
the pilot can authorise the flight in the tech logbook.
@@Special flight permit shall be issued. 

An Aircraft Radio station license is awarded.  (Level 1)
before the aircraft obtains a C of A. 
after the aircraft obtains a C of A. 
@@regardless of the aircraft's C of A status.
Before major modification.

The Aircraft Operating Manual (AOM) of AOC holder in Vietnam was approved by:   (Level 1)
The manufacture.
@@CAAV.
The Operator.
CAMO

The Minimum Equipment List (MEL) must be specific to:   (Level 1)
Each aircraft.
@@Each Aircraft type.
Each Operator.
Each aircraft manufacture.

The ferry flight permit is issued to the aircraft for the following purpose:    (Level 1)
@@To relocate the aircraft to the maintenance base to carry out the maintenance in order to recover the airworthiness of the aircraft.
to extend the C of A. 
to issue new C of R.
issue a Permit to Fly.

An Export Certificate of Airworthiness is. (Level 1)
to allow an aircraft to be flown away on export.
A statutory document.
@@necessary for aircraft registered in Vietnam that are being exported to the registry of another Contracting State.
A special flight permits.

The purpose for which an aircraft may be flown on a special Certificate of Airworthiness is. (Level 1)
applicable to military aircraft only.
@@stated on the certificate.
for private use only.
For export.

The period of validity of a Special flight permit is. (Level 1)
@@stated on the Special flight permit.
until the end of the days flying.
No limit.
One flight only.

A Special flight permit is valid.  (Level 1)
for 12 months.
@@until the date stated on it.
only for evaluating a modification.
For 06 months

Certificate of Airworthiness for Vietnamese aircraft are. (Level 1)
necessary for all aircraft.
required by VAR Part 5.
@@required by VAR Part 10.
required by VAR Part 21.

The period of validity of an C of A is. (Level 1)
24 months .
36 months.
indefinite.
@@not exceeding 12 months from its issuing date.

The Export Certificate of Airworthiness for a aircraft is issued by CAAV:    (Level 1)
before the registration as Vietnamese nationality of the aircraft is de-registed. 
@@after The registration as Vietnamese nationality of the aircraft is de-registed. 
at the same time the registration as Vietnamese nationality of the aircraft is de-registered. 
after the aircraft is registered of another Contracting State.

Certificate of temporary registration of aircraft nationality is valid for:  (Level 1)
when aircraft is sold abroad. 
@@not more than 12 months and may be renewed once not more than 12 months.
6 months.
The same as for C of A. 

A Noise certificate is valid for. (Level 1)
unlimited duration.
@@until a change the C of R.
until a change in ownership of the aircraft.
12 months

Categories with respect to the C of A are. (Level 1)
Transport, Aerial Work, Passenger and Special.
@@Standard, Special and Export C of A. 
Transport (Passenger) and Passenger (Cargo).
Maintenance, Manufacture.

An aircraft Noise Certificate must be renewed.  (Level 1)
every three years.
every five years.
@@only on change of aircraft ownership.
The same as for C of A. 

Who shall be responsible for performing the aircraft maintenance review?   (Level 1)
The AMO.
@@The operator.
CAAV.
The ATO.

A Noise Certificate is a requirement of. (Level 1)
@@VAR Part 10.
VAR Part 4.
VAR Part 
VAR Part 21.

A Flight Manual is. (Level 1)
part of the Certificate of Registration.
@@part of the Certificate of Airworthiness.
for information of the crew only.
must be carried on all public transport aircraft.

What is the period of validity of a ferry flight permit?    (Level 1)
@@valid only once.
1 Year.
3 Years.
2 Years.

How many copies of the Certificate of Registration are required?   (Level 1)
two copies, one for the flight manual, one for the filing system.
two copies, one for the owner, one for the aircraft.
@@one copy for the owner/operator.
Three copies, one for the flight manual, one for the owner, one for the aircraft.

When a major defect occurs during an aircraft's Certificate of Airworthiness period of validity. (Level 1)
@@the C of A immediately becomes invalid. 
the C of A is suspended until the defect is rectified. 
the C of A is not affected. 
the C of A and the C of R immediately becomes invalid. 

The certificate of registration becomes invalid if. (Level 1)
the AOC is termed invalid. 
@@it is found that the aircraft is registered in another country.
the C of A is invalid. 
the Noise certificate is invalid. 

The copy of the ferry flight permit shall be:  (Level 1)
sent to AMO.
@@kept on the airplane during its ferry flight.
sent to CAAV.
sent to the aircraft manufacture.

A Certificate of Maintenance Review is. (Level 1)
is required for all aircraft over 2.730kg.
is not required for transport aircraft.
@@required for all aircraft with its registration of Vietnamese nationality.
is required for aircraft which exceed an MTOW of 5700 kg and carry more than 19 passengers.

When does a Noise Certification become valid?   (Level 1)
@@As the same time the airworthiness certificate validity.
After the Certificate of Approval issued. 
Once the Certificate of Registration has been issued. 
Before the airworthiness certificate is issued. 

AOC is. (Level 1)
@@Air Operator Certificate  
Approved Operator Certificate  
Aircraft Operator Certificate 
Approval Operator Certificate  

MEL is. (Level 1)
@@Minimum Equipment List.
Maintenance equipment list.
published by the manufacture.
Management equipment list

The MEL is built by. (Level 1)
@@The Air Operator.
The manufacture.
Approved Maintenance Organization.
Approved Training Organization.

The MEL developed by Vietnam AOC holder is approved by. (Level 1)
@@CAAV.
The Air Operator.
The manufacture.
Approved Training Organization.

An approved certificate of conformity certifies that. (Level 1)
items are serviceable on delivery.
materials and parts come from an approved source.
@@materials and parts conform to required standard. 
materials and parts are in good conditions.

The Certificate of airworthiness issued by CAAV and valid:   (Level 1)
not exceeding 9 months from its issuing date.
@@not exceeding 12 months from its issuing date.
not exceeding 18 months from its issuing date.
not exceeding 24 months from its issuing date.

To issue and extend of noise certificate, an aircraft operator must meet the following requirements? (Level 1)
Accordance with the certificate of CAAV-approved or recognized for that type of aircraft.
In good condition to ensure safe operations.
@@Accordance with the certificate of CAAV-approved or recognized for that type of aircraft and in good condition to ensure safe operations.
All defects related to engine must be controlled and cleared to reduce noise in operation

The Certificate of airworthiness of the aircraft registration as the Vietnamese nationality/ registration as the foreign nationality but the operation shall follow the Air Operator Certificate issued by CAAV is: (Level 1)
Issued by CAAV.
Issued by the aviation authority of State of registry of aircraft.
@@Issued by CAAV or issued by the aviation authority of state of registry of aircraft which may be recognized by the CAAV.
Aircraft Design

Aircraft Maintenance Schedules are issued.  (Level 1)
in a folder with the operator’s name on the cover.
with an approval certificate by the CAAV.
@@by the operator with CAAV approval.
by CAAV

Which of the following must be recorded in a Logbook (an aircraft logbook, an engine log book) after a component has been replaced?     (Level 1)
Serial number, name of manufacturer and number of the licensed engineer carrying out the replacement.
@@Part number of component.Type of aircraft and Registration number, MSN of aircraft that the component is installed on aircraft and time of removal - installation of component.Total operating hours and cycles or total time of remaining life limit of the component.
Serial number, part number, reason for removal.
VAR Part number and reason for removal.

Who is responsible for establishing and controlling system to records aircraft technical logbook?    (Level 1)
AMO  
CAAV 
@@Aircraft operator 
as required by manufacture

Who can sign an Aircraft Certificate of Maintenance Review?    (Level 1)
The captain of the aircraft if he holds an A. T.P.L.
A Flight Engineer licensed for the aircraft type.
QA staff of AMO
@@The aircraft maintenance review staff is authorised by the CAAV.

If the Vietnam AOC holder wants to change the content of the aircraft maintenance schedule, what action must be taken? (Level 1)
Amend the Aircraft Maintenance Schedule.
Await CAAV approval before amending the Aircraft Maintenance Schedule.
Issue temporary Aircraft Maintenance Schedule without CAAV approval.
@@Amend the Aircraft Maintenance Schedule and seek the CAAV approval.

The controlling of a Technical Log is mandatory. (Level 1)
@@for all aircraft registered in the Vietnam having a Certificate of Airworthiness 
for all aircraft registered in the Vietnam.
for all aircraft flight to Vietnam.
only applicable for aircraft with MTW less than 2730 kg

If an engine is inhibited. Where is this recorded?  (Level 1)
Airframe Logbook.
@@Engine Logbook.
Flight Manual.
as describe by Engine manual.

A modification carried out to an engine iaw manufacturer’s construction that is approved by CAAV will be recorded in:    (Level 1)
@@The Engine Logbook.
The Aircraft Logbook.
The modification record book.
Techlog book  

Deviation in the operation maintenance of the aircraft is approved by CAAV:    (Level 1)
Concession, Dispensation, Exemption
Dispensation, Concession, Variation  
Concession, Variation
@@Concession, Variation, Exemption

Which CAAV’s form is used to request the issuance deviations related to aircraft operation that exceed the limits specified in the document MEL / CDL, as well as the limits were made in the maintenance data (AMM, IPC, SRM ...)? (Level 1)
Exemption (CAAV/FSSD-AIR 044)
Variation (CAAV/FSSD-AIR 042)
@@Concession Request (CAAV/FSSD-AIR 040)
Form 523

Which CAAV’s form is used to request the issuance deviations related to extend the maintenance limit of aircraft / aircraft equipment as specified in the Aircraft Maintenance Schedule (AMS)? (Level 1)
Exemption (CAAV/FSSD-AIR 044)
@@Variation Request (CAAV/FSSD-AIR 042)
Concession (CAAV/FSSD-AIR 040)
Form 523

Which CAAV’s form is used to request the issuance deviations related to the discrepancy in the procedures set forth in the Maintenance Organization Exposition (MOE)? (Level 1)
@@Exemption (CAAV/FSSD-AIR 044)
Variation (CAAV/FSSD-AIR 042)
Concession (CAAV/FSSD-AIR 040)
Form 523

The Certificate of Maintenance Review (CMR) is required by. (Level 1)
all aircraft on the Vietnam register.
all aircraft operated under VAR Part.
all Vietnam register aircraft with MTW less than 2730 kg
@@all aircraft on the Vietnam register, all aircraft operated under VAR Part, all Vietnam register aircraft with MTW less than 2730 kg.

The aircraft is capable of safe flight but unable to meet applicable airworthiness requirements such as: flying to base where maintenance is to be performed or storage.Is this aircraft issued certificate of airworthiness? (Level 1)
no, aircraft must meet all airworthiness requirements.
yes, if manufacture issued NTO (Non-Technical Objection)
no, aircraft is on-ground for rectifying to meet all airworthiness requirements
@@CAAV may issue a Special Airworthiness Certificate (Special Flight Permits) for this aircraft.

When shall the aircraft certificate of maintenance review be made for aircraft with MTW over 2730kg? (Level 1)
Duration of 4 months
@@Duration of 6 months
Duration of 12 months
Duration of 18 months
