Radome (internal) general visual inspection is belong to general visual inspection task of :
Zone 200.
@@Zone 100.
Zone 800.

When does the Phase II for Overweight/Hard landing inspect?
For more detail visual inspection.
If the pilot wrote in the report.
@@If the Phase I inspection shows that there is damage.

What does give the protection to the internal system (tubes, wires and equipment) from being directly hit by lightning?
Current return network.
@@Primary and secondary structure.
Static dischargers.

Inspection after ground handling equipment hits the airplane with high energy:
@@Visual, NDI (if necessary) the external surfaces including the nearest support structure.
Detail visual inspection the external surfaces.
If no visible external damage, no further maintenance action.

Lightning is most likely to hit in one of the zone 1 (lightning “zones”) areas. Zone 1 means:
Forward fuselage Section 41, 43…, wing to body fairings.
Flight control surfaces, LDG doors, exterior lights.
@@Nose, wingtips, nacelles, empennage tips.

Push TEST switch to SYSTEM position to do the test of refuel system:
The refuel valves that are open will close then open again, two valves of a time.
@@The refuel valves that are open will close then open again, one valve of a time.
The refuel valves that are open will close then open again, all valves of a time.

If the discrepancy (between fuel quantity indicators and fuel vehicle flow meter) check is unsatisfactory:
@@Do Fuel Quantity Indicating System Channel Comparison Functional Test.
Do the fuel quantity measuring stick check.
Make sure that the airplane attitude is between the limits of -0.780 ±2.00pitch and 0.00 ±2.00 roll.

What color is fiber optic cable in B787? (B2)
@@Purple.
White.
Yellow.

How does engine in B787 airplane start by? (B2)
@@Electrical power.
Pneumatic power.
Electrical and pneumatic power.

What is wing leading edge anti-ice system in B787 heated by? (B2)
@@Electrical.
Pneumatic.
Electrical and pneumatic.

Which statement is NOT TRUE for CCR (common computing resources) reset switches: (B2)
Flight crew use these switches if there is a loss of all displays
@@Maintenance personnel use these switches to show the status of the components in the CCR
The use of these switches for maintenance activities can cause GPM (General Processor Module) corruption or failure

CIS/MS (Crew information system/ Maintenance system) File Server Module: (B2)
@@Keeps applications and data to support the functions of the crew information system (CIS) and the maintenance system (MS)
Controls the software configuration of the EGM and support the functions of the crew information system (CIS)
Collects and sends core network fault and configuration data to CMCF

Stores LSAPs for loading to airplane systems: (B2)
@@CIS/MS (Crew information system/ Maintenance system) File Server Module
The controller server module (CSM)
The network interface module (NIM)

How many procedures to clean fiber-optic end face? (B2)
2
3
@@4

Make sure that the EWIS (Electrical Wiring Interconnection System) was NOT damaged during the maintenance, which item may be used: (B2)
Paint, Sealant, Deicing fluid
@@Paper for debris, Plastic sheeting for liquid, Masking tape for debris
Waste system chemical, Cardboard for debris, Corrosion Inhibiting Compound (CIC)

What does control the CAC speed?
PCU.
@@CMSC.
CCR.

On the ground during usual APU operations,
Only the inboard left CAC operates.
All CACs operate.
@@Only the inboard CACs operate.

During usual airborne conditions,
Only the outboard CACs operate.
@@All CACs operate.
Only the inboard CACs operate.

Which component does the secondary surge margin control for CAC?
CAC variable diffuser actuator (VCA).
@@CAC add heat valve (AHV).
CMSC control the speed of CAC to prevent surge.

Which component does the primary surge margin control for CAC?
@@CAC variable diffuser actuator (VCA).
CAC add heat valve (AHV).
CMSC control the speed of CAC to prevent surge.

How does the ram fan operate?
Only on the ground to pull external air in through the heat exchangers.
In the air or airspeed more than 60 knots.
@@High speed on the ground and low speed in the air.

The PCU causes the ram fan motor controller to operate the ram air fan when
@@There is no CMSC power source to operate the ram air fan.
Ground operations with ambient temperature more than 300F.
PECS cooling fluid temperature less than 1550F.

The pack control unit (PCU) controls the fan operation through
CMSC.
RFMC.
@@CMSC or RFMC.

The ram air fan check valve is open
By the PCU.
@@By the air pressure caused by airplane movement in the air.
On the ground to let ram air flow through the heat exchangers.

Pack outlet temperature is controlled by
The ACM bypass valve (ABV), low limit valve (LLV) and economy cooling valve (ECV).
The ACM bypass valve (ABV), low limit valve (LLV) and heat exchangers.
@@The ACM bypass valve (ABV), low limit valve (LLV) and ram air inlet, outlet doors.

The low limit valve (LLV) opens to control
@@The temperature of the pack air to the secondary (cooling) channel of the condenser above 10C (340F).
Bypass the condenser and T1 turbine section, let air go directly to the T2 turbine.
Bypass the ACM if the ACM fails.

The economy cooling valve (ECV) opens at high altitude to
The temperature of the pack air to the secondary (cooling) channel of the condenser above 10C (340F).
@@Bypass the condenser and T1 turbine section, let air go directly to the T2 turbine.
Bypass the ACM if the ACM fails.

The air cycle machine bypass valve (ABV) opens to
Control the temperature of the pack air to the secondary (cooling) channel of the condenser above 10C (340F).
Bypass the condenser and T1 turbine section, let air go directly to the T2 turbine.
@@Bypass the ACM if the ACM fails.

The lower recirculation air high flow shutoff valve (HFSOV) closes when
@@A sudden decrease in cabin pressure.
A sudden increase in cabin pressure.
A sudden broken lower recirculation fan.

When the pack in the heat exchanger only cooling mode:
@@The air cycle machine (ACM) has a malfunction.
The condenser inlet temperature sensor fails or the economy cooling valve (ECV) cannot close.
The pack control unit (PCU) causes the ECV to open during normal operation.

When the pack in the condenser bypass mode:
The air cycle machine (ACM) has a malfunction.
@@The condenser inlet temperature sensor fails or the economy cooling valve (ECV) cannot close.
The pack control unit (PCU) causes the ECV to open during normal operation.

When the pack economy cooling mode:
The air cycle machine (ACM) has a malfunction.
The condenser inlet temperature sensor fails or the economy cooling valve (ECV) cannot close.
@@The pack control unit (PCU) causes the ECV to open during normal operation.

In standby operating mode, when air flow automatically bypasses parts of the pack because of a defective condition:
Advisory message “STDBY MODE L(R)” shows.
@@Advisory message “PACK MODE L(R)” shows.
Advisory message “STDBY COOLING MODE L(R)” shows.

The flight attendants can set the target temperature more than or less than the master temperature:
± 70C.
± 50C.
@@± 30C.

The trim air pressure regulator valve control the pressure of the trim air
@@5psi more than the cabin pressure.
2 psi more than the cabin pressure.
7 psi more than the cabin pressure.

When does the alternate ventilation system (AVS) operate?
The forward equipment cooling is in override mode.
@@There is a complete malfunction in the 2 air condition packs and they cannot give normal air supply.
The forward cargo compartment fire extinguishing system operates.

The components of AFDS (Autopilot Flight Director System):  (B1, B2)
Mode Control Panel (MCP), 3 backdrive actuators, 2 autopilot disconnect switches, 2 autothrottle disconnect switches.
@@Mode Control Panel (MCP), 3 backdrive actuators, 2 autopilot disconnect switches, 2 take off – go around (TOGA) switches.
Mode Control Panel (MCP), 3 backdrive actuators, 2 autopilot disconnect switches.

The AFF (Autoflight Function) processes inputs and sends autopilot command data to: (B1, B2)
HYDIF (Hydraulic Interface Function).
@@PFCF (Primary Flight Control Function).
ADRF (Air data reference function).

The BDAs (Backdrive Actuators) used to: (B1, B2)
Move the flight control surfaces.
Send pitch, roll, yaw command data to AFF.
@@Move the columns, wheels, and pedals.

The pilot can override the BDA: (B1, B2)
@@If the pilot supplies sufficient force, the primary flight control function removes the autopilot engage signal.
BDA is locked engagement during Autopilot function.
BDA is not a part of AFF.

The MCP (Mode Control Panel): (B1, B2)
Gives commands to the flight control surfaces.
Is the primary pilot interface with the FCE (Flight Control Electronics).
@@Is the primary pilot interface with the Autoflight function.

When is the slave lane (MCP) becomes the master lane? (B1, B2)
Every time the auto throttle function disengages and re-engages.
@@Every time the autopilot system disengages and re-engages.
Every time the auto disconnect switches disengage and re-engage.

The autoland function has these flight phases: (B1, B2)
@@Approach, flare, go – around, rollout.
Cruise, approach, flare, go – around, rollout.
Approach, flare, rollout.

During take off, with both F/D (Flight Director) switches set to off: (B1, B2)
The Flight Director commands turn off on PFD (Primary Flight Display) and HUD (Head Up Display).
@@The Flight Director commands automatically show  on PFD (Primary Flight Display) and HUD (Head Up Display). This is called AUTO POP UP.
The Flight Director commands show on Captain PFD (Primary Flight Display) and Captain HUD (Head Up Display) only.

How to turn off F/D auto pop-up function during take-off? (B1, B2)
Set both F/D switches to OFF then ON position
Set both HUD(s) to stowed position.
@@Set both F/D switches to ON then OFF position.

When the autopilot is engaged in the air and no F/D switch is ON (B1, B2)
It engages in the altitude hold (pitch) and the heading/track hold (roll) modes.
It engages in the vertical speed / glide path angle (pitch) and the lateral navigation (roll) modes.
@@It engages in the vertical speed / glide path angle (pitch) and the heading/track hold (roll) modes.

The autoflight function (AFF) roll mode is available in these phases: (B1, B2)
@@Climb, cruise, descent.
Take-off, climb, cruise, descent.
Take-off, climb, cruise, descent, landing.

The pitch mode VNAV (vertical navigation) is a: (B1, B2)
AFF (auto flight function) mode.
TMF (Thrust management function) mode.
@@FMF (flight management function) mode.

What is FLCH (Flight Change) mode? (B1, B2)
@@The FLCH mode is a mix of thrust and elevator commands to change flight levels.
The FLCH mode is a mix of thrust and aileron commands to change flight levels.
The FLCH mode is a mix of elevator and aileron commands to change flight levels.

How to know the VNAV (Vertical Navigation) is engaged? (B1, B2)
The green VNAV switch light on MCP is on, VNAV mode shows green on top of PFD.
The white VNAV switch light on MCP is on, VNAV mode shows magenta on top of PFD.
@@The white VNAV switch light on MCP is on, VNAV mode shows green on top of PFD.

Flare mode is active when: (B1, B2)
Localizer or glide path is active and the airplane is between 40ft and 60ft radio altitude.
@@Glideslope or glide path is active and the airplane is between 40ft and 60ft radio altitude.
Glideslope or glide path is active and the airplane is between 40ft and 60ft barometric altitude.

The go-around mode is a combined of: (B1, B2)
@@Autoflight function (AFF) and thrust management function (TMF).
Autoflight function (AFF) and flight management function (FMF).
Flight management function (FMF) and primary flight control function (PFCF).

The condition to arm the go-around mode when the airplane is in the air: (B1, B2)
@@Glideslope mode is active or trailing edge flaps are not up.
Glideslope mode is armed or leading edge flaps are up.
Glideslope mode is armed or trailing edge are up.

The flight mode annunciator (AFF) on top of PFD and HUD show these data: (B1, B2)
LNAV (lateral navigation) mode, VNAV (vertical navigation) mode, APP (approach) mode.
@@Autothrotlle mode, roll mode, pitch mode.
Airspeed, Altitude, Heading.

How to know an AFDS mode is armed? (B1, B2)
A green box shows in the flight mode annunciator of PFD and HUD.
@@A white box shows in the flight mode annunciator of PFD and HUD.
A white box shows in the flight mode annunciator of ND.

The autopilot flight director system has the CMCF ground test for: (B1, B2)
@@Autopilot disconnect switches, mode control panel, backdrive actuators, TO/GA switches.
Autopilot disconnect switches, mode control panel, backdrive actuators, TO/GA switches, thrust control module.
Autothrottle disconnect switches, mode control panel, backdrive actuators, TO/GA switches.

The Thrust Management System (TMS) can control engine thrust in these phases: (B1, B2)
Take-off, cruise, landing.
All flight phases except take-off.
@@All flight phases from take-off to landing.

Choose the correct answer: (B1, B2)
If one engine is failed, push the A/T (autothrottle engage) switch to make the good engine operate at maximum thrust.
If one engine is failed, push the TO/GA (take-off / go-around) switch to make the good engine operate at maximum thrust.
@@If one engine is failed, push the CLIMB/CON (climb/continuous) switch to make the good engine operate at maximum thrust.

Choose the correct answer: (B1, B2)
FLARE is a pitch mode, an autopilot horizontal stabilizer command that raises the nose of the airplane at touch down.
@@FLARE is a pitch mode, an autopilot elevator command that raises the nose of the airplane at touch down.
FLARE is a roll mode, an autopilot elevator command that raises the nose of the airplane at touch down.

Thrust management system indications show on: (B1, B2)
@@PFD, HUD, EICAS.
PFD, HUD, AUX PFD.
PFD, HUD, ND.

Thrust targets and modes show on: (B1, B2)
PFD and HUD.
@@EICAS and CDU.
PFD and AUX PFD.

What information of TMS (thrust management system) shows on EICAS? (B1, B2)
Active thrust limit mode, selected altitude, thrust limit indications.
Active thrust limit mode, selected airspeed, thrust limit indications.
@@Active thrust limit mode, selected temperature, thrust limit indications.

During auto land if there are faults in the system, the annunciator status can show: (B1, B2)
FLT DIR.
@@LAND 2 or NO AUTO LAND.
LAND 3.

The F/D (flight director) annunciator status shows on PFD and HUD: (B1, B2)
@@FLT DIR (green) is active but autopilot is not engaged.
FLT DIR (green) is active and autopilot is engaged.
FLT DIR (amber) is not active and autopilot is engaged.

On the MCP (mode control panel), if the altitude increment selector is in the auto position: (B1, B2)
Altitude selector display changes in 10 foot increments.
@@Altitude selector display changes in 100 foot increments.
Altitude selector display changes in 1000 foot increments.

How to perform a Go-around during landing? (B1, B2)
@@First push on TO/GA switch to engage the system to the go-around mode, the airplane climbs at 2000ft/min. Second push on TO/GA switch to change auto throttle thrust limit mode to full go-around thrust.
First push on A/T (auto throttle) switch on MCP to engage the system to the go-around mode, the airplane climbs at 2000ft/min. Second push on A/T switch to change auto throttle thrust limit mode to full go-around thrust.
Push auto throttle disconnect switch first  to engage the system to the go-around mode, a/c climbs at 2000ft/min. Push TO/GA switch then to change auto throttle thrust limit mode to full go-around thrust.

During landing the TO/GA switches are inhibited 10 seconds when the thrust reversers are stowed: (B1, B2)
To arm the full thrust reference.
@@To avoid the switches accidentally pushed after landing.
No inhibition for TO/GA switches during landing.

The auto throttle function engages whenever the A/T arm switches are ON, and: (B1, B2)
@@One of these auto flight modes is selected (VNAV, FLCH, TO/GA).
One of these auto flight modes is selected (LNAV, HGD/TRK, ALT).
F/D selected only.

ILS approach: (B1, B2)
At 1500 feet radio altitude, rudder backdrive actuator disengages,
At 1500 feet barometric altitude, autopilot annunciator changes form A/P to LAND 3.
@@At 1500 feet radio altitude, autopilot annunciator changes form A/P to LAND 3.

ILS approach: (B1, B2)
Near 200 feet, the status annunciator can show LAND 3.
@@Near 200 feet, LAND 2 annunciator is inhibited, not to distract the flight crew.
Near 200 feet, autopilot changes to FLARE mode.

The crew uses CDU AIRLINE POLICY (B1, B2)
@@To change take-off de-rate settings for a single flight.
To change fuel flow factor.
To change the AMI (airplane modifiable information) key.

Can the aircraft be dispatched with BDAs of three control axis inoperative?(A, B2)
@@All could be inoperative provide affected actuators deactivated and auto-pilot function still operate normally.
All could be inoperative provide affected actuators deactivated and auto pilot function INOPERATIVE, the aircraft must be also dispatched with MEL Item 22-11-01.
all could be inoperative provide the flight crew has been warned about the work load increasing during flight.

For the aircraft dispatch with one auto throttle servo motor inoperative, which is correct procedure? ( B2)
Thrust levers must be manually set for whole flight route.
@@Thrust levers must be manually set for take off and go around thrust.
Affected thrust lever must be manually set for take off and go around thrust.

The auto pilot controls the airplane attitude in(A, B2)
All flight phase.
Climb, cruise, decent, approach, autoland.
@@All flight phase except takeoff (flight director only) .

The backdrive actuators for each axis locate on: (A, B2)
Either captain or FO side.
Captain side only, torque tubes send the movement to the FO side.
@@FO side only, torque tubes send the movement to the captain side.

What is the function of AFDS? (A, B2)
Controls the attitude of the airplane only.
Supplies indications and flight director commands so the flight crew can  manually control the attitude of the airplane only.
@@Controls the attitude of the airplane and Supplies indications and flight director commands so the flight crew can  manually control the attitude of the airplane.

The auto pilot can be engaged with F/D: (A, B2)
ON.
OFF.
@@ON or OFF.

For removal and installation of the autopilot disconnect switch, you must: (B2)
@@install a rig pin in the control wheel.
install a collar and warning tag in the control wheel.
Move the control wheel full travel first.

You can engage the autopilot on the ground with: (A, B2)
the flaps fully retracted and ground speed more than 80 knots.
@@the flaps fully retracted and ground speed less than 80 knots.
the flap fully extended and ground speed more than 80 knots.

The autopilot engages in the takeoff mode when: (B2)
Aircraft on the ground.
Flight director is off.
@@Aircraft not on the ground, Flight director is on, Mode selected is takeoff/go around.

The thrust management system (TMS) can control engine thrust in: (B2)
@@in all phases of flight from takeoff to approach and landing.
in some criticalphases of flight.
in all phases of flight except takeoff and landing.

The TMF controls the throttle lever movement in accordance with: (B2)
Pilot commands from the MCP (Mode Control Panel) only.
FMF (Flight Management Function)VNAV (Vertical Navigation) mode requests and speed or thrust targets only.
@@Pilot commands from the MCP (Mode Control Panel); FMF (Flight Management Function)VNAV (Vertical Navigation) mode requests and speed or thrust targets.

The autothrottle disconnects automatically when: (B2)
System failure, Either thrust reverser lever to the reverse idle position, pilots move the thrust levers during landing after the autothrottle starts to retard the throttles to idle.
Both engines shut down.
@@System failure, Either thrust reverser lever to the reverse idle position, pilots move the thrust levers during landing after the autothrottle starts to retard the throttles to idle. OR both engines shut down.

The control wheel backdrive actuator (BDA) moves the control wheel during: (B2)
The autopilot is engaged.
The autopilot sends a roll command.
@@The autopilot is engaged and sends a roll command.

The mode control panel (MCP) is: (A, B2)
The mode control panel (MCP) is the primary pilot interface with the auto pilot function.
The mode control panel (MCP) is the secondary pilot interface with the autoflight function.
@@The mode control panel (MCP) is the primary pilot interface with the autoflight function.

The procedures to engage the A/P are: (A, B2)
@@Pushing either of the 2 autopilot engage switches on the MCP.
Pushing both autopilotengage switches simultaneously.
Pushing both autopilotengage switches in turn.

What is the procedure to disengage the A/P ? (A, B2)
Push the A/P disconnect switch on the wheel..
Manually override the autopilot commands to the flight controls..
@@Push the A/P disconnect switch on the wheel OR Manually override the autopilot commands to the flight controls.

What happens if you push an autopilot disconnect switch the second time ?: (A, B2)
Autopilot disconnected.
Visual and aural alerts to come on.
@@All the alerts are cancelled.

When the autothrottle disconnects, these are the visual and aural alerts: (A, B2)
Master caution light and aural alert.
@@EICAS message, master caution light and aural alert.
EICAS message, master warning light and aural alert.

Where do you see the autothrottle mode and Autopilot Flight Director Systemmode ? (A, B2)
On the HUDs (Head Up Display).
@@ON the FMA (Flight Mode Annunciator) at the top of PFD.
ON the FMA (Flight Mode Annunciator) at the top of ND.

What are  purposes The AFDS (Autopilot Flight Director System) ? (A, B2)
Automatically control the altitude of the A/C; Supply commands to move the thrust levers
@@Automatically control the attitude of the A/C; Supply indications and commands
Automatically control engine thrust in all phases of flight from takeoff to approach and landing

Where is the TMF (Thrust Management Function) software? (A, B2)
@@In the GPM (General Processing Module ) of the CCR cabinet
In the FCM (Flight Control Module) of the FCE (Flight Control Electronics)
In the CSM (Controller Server Module) of the CCS (Common Core System)

The TMF (Thrust Management Function) moves the thrust levers in response to: (A, B2)
Pilot commands from the MFK (Multifunction Keypad)
@@Pilot commands from the MCP (Mode Control Panel)
Pilot commands from the MFD (Multifunction Display)

When the autothrottles engage in the VNAV (Vertical Navigation) mode, the FMF (Flight Management Function) and the TMF (Thrust Management Function) will:(A, B2)
@@FMF and TMF will work together
FMF will work as master and  TMF is slaver
FMF will work as primary and TMF is standby

There are 2 brushless, 28v dc autothrottle servo motors in the TCM (Throttle Control Module). One moves the left thrust lever. The other moves the right thrust lever?(A, B2)
The servo motors are components in the thrust management system
The servo motors are line replaceable
@@The servo motors are not line replaceable

When does the MCP slave lane become master lane ?  (B2)
@@When the master slave fails.
Everytime the autothrottle re-engages or disengages.
Automatically in turn.

When VNAV is engaged, how can pilots manually set the target speed or altitude data on MCP?(B2)
Turn the related selector switch on MCP then pull it
Turn the related selector switch on MCP then push it.
@@Push the related selector switch on MCP then turn it.

In the flight level change (FLCH) mode, how is the airplane controlled to fly to the selected  target altitude?(B2)
The autoflight controls airspeed with the elevators.
The autothrottle controls the engine thrust.
@@The autoflight controls airspeed with the elevators and the autothrottle controls the engine thrust.

Which componnet normally tunes the ILS frequency and sets the ILS course in approach mode?(B2)
AFF (Autoflight Function )
@@FMF (Flight management Function)
TMF (Thrust management Function)

Which source supplies 28VDC to 3 axis BDAs (Backdrive Actuator)?(A, B2)
Captain instrument bus.
@@First officer instrument bus.
Back-up bus.

The communications system includes these systems: (A, B2)
flight interphone, service interphone, SELCAL, VHF, HF, SATCOM, GRD crew call function
@@ELT, DCMF, flight interphone, service interphone, SELCAL, VHF, HF, SATCOM, GRD crew call function
SELCAL, VHF, HF, SATCOM, GRD crew call function

The captain ACP has a direct interface with a jack on the P40 panel for: (A, B2)
@@Towing operations
Engine run- up
Refueling.

Maintenance personnel use the flight interphone headset connection jack to communicate with the flight deck through:(A, B2)
P5 panel
@@P40 panel
P8 panel

Purpose of the service interphone system: (A, B2)
lets the ground crew talk with each other
@@lets the ground crew talk with each other and to the flight crew.
Lets the ground crew talk to the flight crew.

The interphone jacks in these locations: (A, B2)
P40 panel ONLY
P57 panel ONLY
@@P40 panel and P57 panel.

The audio gateway unit (AGU) changes: (B2)
The analog audio to digital ONLY
@@The analog audio to digital and digital audio to analog
The digital audio to analog ONLY

When and how does the ground crew call horn come on? (A, B2)
@@Call from the flight deck in 3 seconds, continuously when ERS is on battery power, 1 Hz interval when there is an APU fire, continuously when low flow detected in fwd or aft equipment cooling system.
Call from the flight deck in 3 seconds, continuously when ERS is on battery power, continuously when there is an APU fire, continuously when low flow detected in fwd or aft equipment cooling system.
Call from the flight deck in 3 seconds, continuously when ERS is on battery power, continuously when low flow detected in fwd or aft equipment cooling system.

The ground crew call system and horn are disabled when: (A, B2)
A/C on ground
@@A/C in flight
A/C on ground and touch down.

The VHF aeronautical communication band is between: (A, B2)
00 MHz and 134.975 MHz.
00 MHz and 134.975 MHz.
@@00 MHz and 136.975 MHz.

The data format input to the VHF radios is: (B2)
@@ARINC 429 low speed
ARINC 629 low speed
ARINC 429 high speed

When is the HF communication not allowed to transmit ? (B2)
Personnel are on the surface of the airplane.
During refueling or defueling.
@@Personnel are on the surface of the airplane; OR During refueling or defueling.

The communications systems provide: (A, B2)
The voice data only.
The communications data only.
@@The voice and data communications.

The flight interphone system has these outputs: (B2)
@@The COMM/warning speakers, Jack modules and Digital signal to CDN.
The Jack modules and Digital signal to CDN.
The COMM/warning speakers, and Digital signal to CDN.

What causes an EICAS message to show: (A, B2)
The a push-to-talk (PTT) signal for more than 20 seconds.
The a push-to-talk (PTT) signal for more than 15 seconds.
@@The a push-to-talk (PTT) signal for more than 30 seconds.

The ground crew call system has interface with: (A, B2)
@@The ACP and CSSC software function.
The ACP.
The CSSC software function

Which components do the SELCAL (Selective Calling) function?(A, B2)
SELCAL Decoded Unit
@@AGU (Audio Gateway Unit)s
ACP (Audio Control Panel )

Where is The SRT (Satellite Receiver Transmitter) located ? (A, B2)
In the FWD equipment center
@@In the AFT equipment center
In the crown area

How many channels are there in The SATCOM system ?(A, B2)
Four: 2 channels  for data and  2 channels  for voice communication
@@Three: 1 channels  for data and  2 channels  for voice communication
Two : 1 channels  for data and  1 channels  for voice communication

To make sure that the 24-bit Aircraft ID is correct if you changed the switch positions of the (ELT) programmable switch module? (B2)
@@Do the Emergency Locator Transmitter - Functional Test
Do the Emergency Locator Transmitter - Sytem Test
Do the Emergency Locator Transmitter - Operational Test

What kind of video signals the SCIU (Surveillance Camera Interface Unit) send to the EFB (Electronic Flight Bag) system? (B2)
Analog signals
Analog for video and Digital for voice
@@Digital data

How do the flight crew use the ACP (Audio Control Panel) and the TCP (Tuning Control Panel) to control the HF (High Frequency) communication system ?(B2)
Using TCP to select the HF (High Frequency) communication systemand  ACP to tune the HF radios.
@@Using ACP to select the HF (High Frequency) communication system and TCP  to tune the HF radios.
Using TCP to select the HF (High Frequency) communication systemand  ACP to select the mode of operation.

What is the function of VHF (Very High Frequency) communication transceiver?(B2)
@@Changing RF (Radio Frequency) signals to audio and datalink signals during receive operations, and changing datalink and audio signals to RF (Radio Frequency) signals during transmit operations.
Changing RF (Radio Frequency) signals to audio and datalink signals during transmit operations, and changing datalink and audio signals to RF (Radio Frequency) signals during receive operations.
Receiving and transmiting RF (Radio Frequency) signals in the VHF (Very High Frequency) frequency range.

Can we select more than one receiver switch and transmit switch on ACP(Audio Control Panel) at the same time ?(A, B2)
Yes we can.
We can only select more than one transmit switch at the same time.
@@We can only select more than one receiver switch at the same time.

When service interphone system is connected to flight interphone system, how do the AGU(AudioGateway Unit) and ACP(Audio Control Panel) send the audio signal ?(B2)
@@The AGUs decode the flight interphone audio and send it to the service interphone jacks whereas The ACPs decode the service interphone audio and send it to the selected flight interphone headsets and comm/warning speakers.
AGUs process the all audio signals and send to ACPs which send them to interphone jacks, flight inerphone headsets and comm/warning speakers.
The ACPs decode the flight interphone audio and send it to the service interphone jacks whereas The AGUs decode the service interphone audio and send it to the selected flight interphone headsets and comm/warning speakers.

The main components of CRN (current return network) are: (B1, B2)
@@Bars, straps, wiring, tie brackets.
Contactors, relays, wiring.
Static dischargers, bonding leads, tie straps.

One of the CRN (current return network) function is: (B1, B2)
Lightning protection for direct fuselage and tail and direct nose-to-tail lightning paths.
Increases electromagnetic energy (EME) and high intensity radiation field (HIRF) effects.
@@Decreases electromagnetic energy (EME) and high intensity radiation field (HIRF) effects.

Choose the incorrect answer: (B1, B2)
The CRN (current return network) is not a part of the primary structure of the airplane.
@@The CRN (current return network) is not a part of electrical system.
The CRN (current return network) is composed of structural and non-structural metal parts.

The CRN (current return network) is connected to the CFRP (Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastic): (B1, B2)
To reinforce the wing and empennage structure .
To provide  a high impedance metallic path to reduce the effects of lightning.
@@To provide  a low impedance metallic path to reduce the effects of lightning.

Which one is the correct answer? (B1, B2)
@@P100/200 L/R 235V AC are power distribution panels.
P300/400 are power conversion panels.
P500/600 115V AC and 18V DC are power distribution panels.

The main battery supplies power to the hot battery bus (HBB) (B1, B2)
@@The HBB is in P300 panel.
The HBB is in P400 panel.
The HBB is in P500 panel.

During APU start by batteries: (B1, B2)
The main battery supplies power for EICAS, lower MFD and APUC (APU controller), the APU battery supplies power for the APU inlet door actuator.
@@The main battery supplies power for EICAS and lower MFD, the APU battery supplies power for the APUC (APU controller), SPU (start power unit) and the APU inlet door actuator.
The main battery supplies power for EICAS, lower MFD and APUC (APU controller), the APU battery supplies power for the SPU (start power unit) and  APU inlet door actuator.

The main components of P500/600 panel are: (B1, B2)
@@ATU (auto transformer unit), TRU (transformer rectifier unit), EBPSU (electrical brake power supply unit).
BPCU (bus power control unit), TRU (transformer rectifier unit), EBPSU (electrical brake power supply unit).
ATRU (auto transformer rectifier unit), TRU (transformer rectifier unit), EBPSU (electrical brake power supply unit).

The EBPSU (electrical brake power supply unit) changes 28V DC from the TRU (transformer rectifier unit) to +/- 130V DC for: (B1, B2)
EBA (electric brake actuator).
@@EBAC (electric brake actuation controller).
BSCU (brake system control unit).

What loads are controlled and protected by ELCU (electrical load control unit)? (B1, B2)
SPDU (secondary power distribution unit).
RPDU (remote power distribution unit).
@@Breakers, contactors, replays.

The ELCU (electric load control unit) has 2 types of modules: (B1, B2)
ELCU C card (communication) receives command data from GCU via CDN (common data network) for control of the ELCU P card (protection).
@@ELCU C card (communication) receives command data from BPCU via CDN (common data network) for control of the ELCU P card (protection).
ELCU C card (communication) receives command data from AGCU via CDN (common data network) for control of the ELCU P card (protection).

Choose the incorrect answer: (B1, B2)
Each ELCU C (communication) module can control up to 6 ELCU P (protection) modules.
@@Each ELCU P (protection) module can control up to 6 ELCU C (communication) modules.
Each ELCU P (protection) module can control up to 6 contactors.

On ground and electrical system is supplied by APU only, P100/200 panels are power supplied by ASGs (apu starter generator) via LTB (left tie bus) and RTB (right tie bus): (B1, B2)
@@LTB and RTB are in the P150 panel.
LTB is in the P100 panel, RTB is in the P200 panel.
LTB is in the P700 panel, RTB is in the P800 panel.

When APU is running and forward external power is ON: (B1, B2)
APU supplies power to the 115V AC and 28V DC buses, external power supplies power to the 235V AC buses.
APU supplies power to the 115V and 235V AC buses, external power supplies power to the 28V DC buses.
@@APU supplies power to the 235V AC buses, external power supplies power to the 115V AC and 28V DC buses.

During APU cool down period: (B1, B2)
You can not set the APU selector back to ON to return the APU to its running condition.
@@You can set the APU selector back to ON to return the APU to its running condition.
You can turn off BAT switch to decrease the duration of APU cool down period.

The DRIVE (amber) light on P5 panel comes on whenever: (B1, B2)
@@There is a low oil pressure condition.
There is a over current protection.
Conditions are met to reset the corresponding VFSG.

The GCU (Generator Control Unit) can open the related GCB (Generator Control Breaker): (B1, B2)
Manually use the generator control switches or the drive disconnect switches on P5 panel.
Automatically by protective trip.
@@Manually use the generator control switches or the drive disconnect switches on P5 panel. Or automatically by protective trip.

The OVTPU (over voltage transient power unit) monitor the three phases 235V AC output of the VFSGs: (B1, B2)
If 2 over voltage events occurs in 30 seconds or if 2 events occur in a flight, the GCB (generator control breaker) opens.
@@If 2 over voltage events occurs in 60 seconds or if 3 events occur in a flight, the GCB (generator control breaker) opens.
If 2 over voltage events occurs in 60 seconds or if 2 events occur in a flight, the GCB (generator control breaker) closes.

The GNR (generator neutral relay): (B1, B2)
@@Gets control from the related GCU with commands from BPCU.
Gets control from the related GCU with commands from ELCU.
Gets control from the related GCU with commands from CCR hosted function.

The SC (start contactor) is used to start the engine. To close, the SC must get these 2 signals: (B1, B2)
A ground signal and 28V DC from the related GCU.
A ground signal from the related GCU and 115V AC from the CMSC.
@@A ground signal from the related GCU and 28V DC from the CMSC.

The text shows above N2 display on EICAS: (B1, B2)
Green AUTO START to inform that the start is initiated.
@@White AUTO START to inform that the start is initiated.
Green RUNNING to inform that the engine has completely reached stable N2.

Choose the correct answer: (B1, B2)
@@There are 6 235VAC buses, 4 main AC buses: L1, L2, R1, R2 in P100/200 panels. 2 tie buses LTB, RTB are in P150 panel.
There are 6 main 235VAC buses: L1, L2, L3 AC buses are in P100 panel. R1,R2, R3 AC buses are P200 panel.
There are 2 main 235V AC buses. Left AC bus is in P100 panel. Right AC bus is in P200 panel.

The 6 main 235V AC bus tie breakers (BTB) are controlled by: (B1, B2)
BPCUs.
ELCUs.
@@GCUs.

The 6 main 235V AC bus tie breakers (BTB) are located: (B1, B2)
L1, L2 BTBs are in P100 panel. R1, R2 BTBs are in P200 panel. L3, R3 BTBs are in P150 panel.
L1, L2 BTBs are in P100 panel. R1, R2 BTBs are in P200 panel. L3, R3 BTBs are in P700/800 panels.
@@L1, L2, L3 BTBs are in P100 panel. R1, R2, R3 BTBs are in P200 panel.

The ELCC (electrical load control contactor) are used where: (B1, B2)
The current load is more than the rating of thermal circuit breakers or solid state protective devices. The source voltage is 28V DC.
@@The current load is more than the rating of thermal circuit breakers or solid state protective devices. The source voltage is 235V AC.
The current load is more than the rating of thermal circuit breakers or solid state protective devices. The source voltage is 115V AC.

Each ELCC (electrical load control contactor) can get open/close commands from: (B1, B2)
@@GCU,BPCU, ELCU P (power) module.
GCU,BPCU, ELCU C (communication).
GCU, BPCU.

The ESIC (electrical system indication and control) is used to see and control some BTBs (bus tie breakers) and contactors in these power panels: (B1, B2)
@@P100/200, P300/400.
P100/200, P500/600.
P100/200, P700/800.

The MBR (main battery relay) can be controlled: (B1, B2)
Manually access to the ESIC in the maintenance control pages with main battery switch selected ON.
Manually access to the CBIC function with main battery switch selected ON.
@@Automatically by BPCU in the air regardless of the main battery switch.

The GATU (galley auto transformer unit): (B1, B2)
Gets 235V AC, 3-phase constant frequency from 235V L2 AC bus and sends out 115V AC, 3-phase constant frequency.
@@Gets 235V AC, 3-phase variable frequency from 235V L2 AC bus and sends out 115V AC, 3-phase variable frequency.
Gets +/- 270V DC from L2 ATRU (auto transformer rectifier unit) and sends out 115V AC, 3-phase constant frequency.

The GATU (galley auto transformer unit) gives power to: (B1, B2)
Forward galleys and middle galleys.
Forward galleys, middle galleys and aft galleys
@@Aft galleys.

In addition to systems that traditionally get electrical power, The 787 electrical system supplies power for: (A, B2)
@@Engine start, Pressurization, Wing ice protection, Stabilizer trim, Wheel brake systems.
Engine start,  Pressurization, Wing ice protection, landing gear alternate extension system
Stabilizer trim, Wheel brake systems, nose gear steering system.

The main battery supplies standby power for: (A, B2)
RAT  extends, APU fire detection system.
@@Critical component and loads until RAT extends , Brakes electric, Refueling left main tank (limited times), hot Battery Bus, Towing, Ground operations.
Towing, Ground operations, refueling the right main tank (limited times).

After arrival, you found the main battery has event, you will: (A, B2)
Replace the new main battery, battery charger and the main battery enclosure burst disk indicatior.
Reset the event battery.
@@Remove the main battery, main battery heat shield, main battery enclosure, main battery insulation blanket, main battery charger, main battery enclosure burst disk indicator and vent tube assembly for inspect and replace as required.

If the parking brake is set and you disconnect or remove the main battery, you can: (A, B2)
@@Not release the parking brake.
Release the parking brake.
Release with APU Battery available.

The APU battery supplies 28v dc for: (A, B2)
APU start
@@Navigation lights (during towing operations) and APU start
Redundant backup power for some components, APU start and Navigation lights (during towing operations)

What is the location of APU and main Battery? (A, B2)
@@Main battery in fwd EE bay and APU battery in aft EE bay.
FWD EE  bay.
AFT EE bay.

If an engine starts, some ground handling loads do not receive power because : (B2)
Some ground handling loads are not designed to receive variable frequency power
Some ground activities do not occur when an engine is running
@@Some ground handling loads are not designed to receive variable frequency power. Some ground activities do not occur when an engine is running.

The maximum amount of power a forward external power connector can use is: (A, B2)
@@90 KVA
120 KVA
140 KVA

The EBPSUs each receive  28v dc inputs from: (A, B2)
The  transformer rectifier unit (TRU) output
the hot battery bus
@@The TRU or the hot battery bus.

The P300 and P400 panels are: (A, B2)
@@The primary 115v ac and 28v dc power distribution panels
the secondary  115v ac and 28v dc power distribution panels
the standby  115v ac and 28v dc power distribution panels

Where is the possible location can you operate CBIC: (A, B2)
Maintenance laptop ONLY
@@Maintenance laptop or Flight deck multifunction displays (MFD).
Flight deck multifunction displays (MFD).

The High  voltage +/-270v dc goes to motor controllers to operate these high load electric motors: (B2)
Air conditioning compressors, Electric hydraulic pumps, Ram fans, Nitrogen generation system, VFSGs - for engine start and motoring, ASGs - for APU start, Override jettison fuel pumps.
Air conditioning compressors, Electric hydraulic pumps, Ram fans
@@Air conditioning compressors, Electric hydraulic pumps, Ram fans, Nitrogen generation system, VFSGs - for engine start and motoring, ASGs - for APU start

The P49 panel supplies 28v dc for: (A, B2)
Manual ram air turbine (RAT) deployment.
airplane towing operations.
@@manual ram air turbine (RAT) deployment and airplane towing operations

These conditions are necessary to disconnect the generator on the ground: (A, B2)
@@Power applied, FUEL CONTROL switch in RUN position  AND Push GEN DISC switch
Power applied
FUEL CONTROL switch in RUN position  AND Push GEN DISC switch

If external power is connected to the left or right forward receptacle, when does BPCU(Bus Power Control Units) close the forward EPC (external power contactor) ?: ( B2)
@@When the power quality monitored by BPCU is good.
When left or right FWD EXT PWR switch is pushed.
When the power quality monitored by L2 GCU is good.

When is the airplane in the GROUND HANDLING mode?: ( B2)
When forward external power is connected and selected on, APU is not running and both engines are off.
@@When forward external power is connected but not selected on, APU is not running and both engines are off.
When APU is running on ground and the GROUND SERVICE switch on the master attendant switch panel is on.

How many modules are there in each RPDU (Remote Power Distribution Unit) ?: ( B2)
There are 02 microprocessor modules for control, 03 AC modules and 03 DC modules.
There are 02 microprocessor modules for control, 16 AC modules and DC modules.
@@There are 02 microprocessor modules for control, 01 to 06  AC modules and DC modules.

What are the current ratings of the electrical loads supplied by SPDU (Secondary Power Distribution Unit) ?: ( B2)
Up to 50 amps AC and 45 amps DC.
Up to 10 amps for DC and AC.
@@Up to 50 amps DC and 45 amps AC.

What are the position of GNR (Ground Neutral Relay) and SC (Starter Contactor) of VFSG(variable frequency starter generator) when it operates as a starter?:( B2)
GNR closes and SC opens.
@@GNR is opens and SC is closes.
Both GNR and SC close.

Where does the Main Battery Charger take POWER from (A, B2)
@@The Captain instrument bus
The F/O instrument bus
The Ground service  bus

The purpose of Battery Diode Module(A, B2)
Prevents charge of the main battery when captain instrument  bus is paralleled with another 28v dc source
@@Prevents charge of the main battery when hot battery bus is paralleled with another 28v dc source
Prevents charge of the main battery when hot battery bus have 28v dc power

How many External POWER source on B787 (A, B2)
2External POWER source: 1 forward and 1 aft
3External POWER source: Left , Right and Center
@@3External POWER source: 2 forward and 1 aft

Which computer control AFT Ext  POWER (A, B2)
@@The L2 GCU (Generator Control Unit)
The BPCU (bus power control units)
The L2 ATRU (Auto Transformer Rectifier Unit)

The ATRU (Auto Transformer Rectifier Unit)s will (A, B2)
Changes 3-phase, 235v ac from the main buses to 3-phase, 115v ac
Changes 3-phase, 115v ac from external ground power to 3-phase, 230v ac
@@Change variable frequency 235v ac from the 235v ac buses to +/-270v dc during normal operation

Why must do open CB of PECS before Remove/Install CMSC (A, B2)
To stop the pumps off integrating cooling system (ICS)
@@To stop the pumps off Power Electronics Cooling System
To stop the liquid cooling pump  inside CMSC

A function of the CRN (Current Return Network) is: (A, B2)
Increases EME (Electromagnet Energy) and HIRF (High Intensity Radiation Frequency) effects
@@Supplies a return path for ac and dc fault currents from the loads to the sources
Lightning protection for Mail landing gear and Main landing gear Door

Which Circuit Breaker the CBIC (Circuit Breaker Indication and Control) can monitor but no control? (A, B2)
@@Thermal Circuit Breaker
Electronic Circuit Breaker
solid-state relays in the Flight Control Electronics Power Supply Module

How many PMG (Permanent Magnet Generator) inside VFSG? (A, B2)
There are 2
There are 5
@@There are 3

Which RPDU (Remote Power Distribution Unit)s send and receive data to and from the BPCU (Bus Power Control Unit)s ? (A, B2)
Standard RPDU
@@Gateway RPDU
Both RPDU

What colour of the CRN (Current Return Network ) cables and straps? (A, B2)
@@They are Green
They are Red
They are Blue

What kind of power supply by AC generation system on B787? (A, B2)
115v AC and 28v AC
@@235v ac and 115v ac
235v ac and 28v ac

What is the normal position of the GNR (Generator Neutral Relay) ? (A, B2)
Connects the neutral line of the VFSG and ASG together
Opens the ground to the neutral line of the related VFSG or ASG
@@Connects the ground to the neutral line of the related VFSG or ASG

The airplane is in the GROUND HANDLING mode if all these conditions Exist ?(A, B2)
Aft external power is connected , The APU is running, Both engines are off
Forward external power is connected  and selected ON, The APU is not running, one engines is off
@@Forward external power is connected  but not selected ON, The APU is not running, Both engines are off

Which External power source(s) can be used for Left Engine Start with no loads shed ? (A, B2)
Can use two forward and one aft power source
Can use two forward external power sources
@@Cannot start Left ENG by external power with no Loads shed

The Control of the ESIC (Electrical System Indication and Control) is from? : (A, B2)
A EFB (Electronic Flight Bag) on the flight deck
AML (Maintenance Laptop) with wired connection
@@A MFD (Multi Function Display) on the flight deck

What kind of electrical power do the 6 generator channels supply ?  (A, B2)
@@3–phase, variable-frequency, 235v ac
3–phase, constant-frequency, 235v ac
3–phase, variable-frequency, 115v ac

What is the purpose of load management function in BPCUs(Bus Power Control Unit) ?  (A, B2)
It disconnects electrical loads only when engines start, to prevent insufficient power supply for VFSG(variable frequency starter generator).
@@It disconnects electrical loads to keep the load levels less than the power supply levels, to prevent an overload condition of the electrical power sources.
It disconnects electrical loads only when engines are operating, to prevent the VFSGs from removing too much power from the engines.

What is the condition for controlling the CBIC (Circuit Breaker Indication and Control) function on maintenance laptop ?  (A, B2)
When the airplane is on the ground and GND TEST switch is in NORM.
When the airplane is on the ground and GND TEST switch must be in DATA LOAD/ENABLE.
@@When the airplane is on the ground and GND TEST switch is not in NORM.

What kind of load do the ELCU (Electrical Load Control Unit)control and supply protection?(A, B2)
The load with rating up to 50 amps AC.
@@The large loads which receive current and ac voltage that is more than the rating of the thermal circuit breakers.
4 ATRUs(Auto Transformer Rectifier Unit)

When APU(Auxiliary Power Unit)starts on APU battery, how does the ASG (APU Starter Generator) receive power?(B2)
The ATRU (Auto Transformer Rectifier Unit) changes the 235v ac to +/-270v dc for the CMSC (Common Motor Starter Controller) that supplies power to the right ASG (APU Starter Generator).
The ATRU (Auto Transformer Rectifier Unit) changes the 235v ac to +/-135v dc for the CMSC (Common Motor Starter Controller) that supplies power to the right ASG (APU Starter Generator).
@@The ATRU (Auto Transformer Rectifier Unit) changes the 115v ac to +/-135v dc for the CMSC (Common Motor Starter Controller) that supplies power to the right ASG (APU Starter Generator).

When is the purpose of SPU (Start Power Unit)?(B2)
When APU starts on battery, SPU changes 28v dc from the APU (Auxiliary Power Unit) battery to 3-phase 235v ac, then supplies power only to the R2 ATRU (Auto Transformer Rectifier Unit).
@@When APU starts on battery, SPU changes 28v dc from the APU (Auxiliary Power Unit) battery to 3-phase 115v ac, then supplies power only to the R2 ATRU (Auto Transformer Rectifier Unit).
When APU starts on battery, SPU changes 28v dc from the APU (Auxiliary Power Unit) battery to 3-phase 115v ac, then supplies power only to the R1 ATRU (Auto Transformer Rectifier Unit).

What is the limitation of controlling the ESIC (Electrical System Indication and Control)? (A, B2)
There is no limitation.
You can control the ESIC on only one MFD or maintenance laptop at a time.
@@You can control the ESIC on only one MFD at a time.

How many oil heat exchangers do the VFSGs (Variable Frequency Starter Generator) have ?  (A, B2)
@@For one engine, 02 VFSGs have 02 different AOHEs (Air/Oil Heat Exchanger) and a FOHE (Fuel/Oil Heat Exchanger).
For one engine, 02 VFSGs have 02 different AOHEs (Air/Oil Heat Exchanger) and 02 FOHEs (Fuel/Oil Heat Exchanger).
For one engine, each VFSG has a different AOHE (Air/Oil Heat Exchanger) and a FOHE (Fuel/Oil Heat Exchanger).

How are the CMSCs(Common Motor Starter Controller) and ATRUs (Auto Transformer Rectifier Unit)cooled ?  (A, B2)
@@The PECS (Power Electronics Cooling System) supplies cooling fluid to cool the CMSCs and the ATRU.
The air conditioning system processes to make cool air to cool the CMSCs and the ATRUs.
The 2 forward EE cooling supply fans move air to cool the CMSCs and the ATRUs.

What are contained in SPDU (Secondary Power Distribution Unit) cabinet ? (A, B2)
There are 8 power modules and 2 microprocessor modules.
There are 6 power modules and 2 microprocessor modules.
@@There are 16 power modules and 2 microprocessor modules.

What is the function of VFSG (Variable Frequency Starter Generator) GCU (Generator Control Unit)  ? (A, B2)
It continuously monitors the total horsepower extractionfrom each engine to prevent the overload condition  .
It controls and monitors the engine start.
@@It monitors and controls the output voltage,and give the fault and current protection.

When is the GCB (Generator Control Breaker) closed by the GCU (Generator Control Unit)?(B2)
When engine starts, there are no protective fault conditions.
@@When engine is in operation, VFSG (Variable Frequency Starter Generator) output voltage and frequency are in limits and there are no protective fault conditions.
As long as engine strart is done,the SC (Starter Contactor) opens and GNR (Ground Neutral Relay) closes.

What are the the nominal output ratings of the VFSG(Variable Frequency Starter Generator)?(A, B2)
3-phase, 115v ac, 250 KVA and 360-800 Hz
@@3-phase, 235v ac, 250 KVA and 360-800 Hz
3-phase, 235v ac, 250 KVA and 400 Hz

What are the protection function of the RAT (Ram Air Turbine)GCU (Generator Control Unit) ? (B2)
Underfrequency protection
Overvoltage protection
@@Both Underfrequency and Overvoltage protection.

What is the function of the DCLPU (DC Lightning Protection Unit) ? (A, B2)
@@Supply lightning surge protection to some RPDUs (Remote Power Distribution Unit)
Supply lightning surge protection to some SPDUs (Secondary Power Distribution Unit) and RPDUs (Remote Power Distribution Unit)
Supply lightning surge protection to some BPCU(Bus Power Control Units)

What happens when the DRIVE DISC switch is pushed in air ? ( B2)
The related VFSG (Variable Frequency Starter Generator) is disconnected from the gearbox drive, and GCR (Generator Control Relay) opens to remove excitation from the VFSG
The related VFSG (Variable Frequency Starter Generator) is disconnected from the gearbox drive, and GCB (Generator Control Breaker) opens.
@@The related VFSG (Variable Frequency Starter Generator) is disconnected from the gearbox drive, GCR (Generator Control Relay) opens to remove excitation from the VFSG, and GCB (Generator Control Breaker) opens.

What are the necessary conditions to disconnect manually the VFSG(Variable Frequency Starter Generator) on ground? (B2)
VFSG low oil pressure sensed.
@@Power is applied and engine fuel control switch moves to the RUN position.
Power is applied

What happens when high oil temperature (199 +/- 3 deg C) of the VFSG(Variable Frequency Starter Generator) is detected ? (B2)
The DRIVE indication shows amber and the flight crew must manually disconnect the VFSG
@@The VFSG is automatically disconnected by melting an internal solder pellet.
Nothing happens.

When you reconnect the VFSG(Variable Frequency Starter Generator) to the input shaft, what is the different between the first and second time you pull the disconnect manual reset handle ? (B2)
@@You must ensure that the force to pull the disconnect manual reset handle the second time is less than the first time.
you must  hear or feel the “click” tension at the second time you pull the disconnect manual reset handle.
You must see “red mark” at the first time you pull the disconnect manual reset handle.

What is the caution when you install the VFSG(Variable Frequency Starter Generator) harnesses? (B2)
Make sure that you use pliers that have metal  jaws to tighten the electrical connectors or you will cause damage to the electrical connectors.
@@Make sure that there is no tension in the electrical harnesses when you connect the electrical connectors. if there is tension, adjust the harness in the spring clips and hinge clamps. tension can cause damage to the electrical connectors and the harnesses.
Make sure that you torque the electrical connectors within corrected range.

During perform the captain and first officer seat installation,you must(A, B1, B2)
Push and hold to testthe rocker switches
@@Carry out a calibration procedure.
Adjust the fwd and aft stop on the seat track.

Seat - to - seat wiring for IFE data and electrical power connect through(A, B1, B2)
@@Seat tracks covers.
Passenger service unit (PSU).
Wireless.

If the overhead stowage bin does not open normally, (A, B1, B2)
Remove the stowage bin cap then unlock the emergency release latch.
Perform the stowage bin latch adjusting.
@@Use a tool to unlock the emergency release latch.

How to remove the galley electrical power in an emergency(A, B1, B2)
A CABIN/UTILITY switch in the cockpit (P5).
@@An emergency OFF switch at each galley panel.
An emergency OFF function in the CAP.

What equipment supplies the discharge current to the cargo compartment fire bottle squibs? (B2)
@@The squib monitor and control unit (SMCU).
The APU and cargo fire control panel.
The main engine data concentrator (MEDC).

The engine fire overheat detector sends a signal to CCR via? (B2)
EEC
@@MEDC
RDC

The cargo smoke detectors are:(B2)
@@Spot-type photoelectric smoke detectors
Thermistor
Resistive temperature devices.

Who does monitor the engine fire detection channels for fires and overheat conditions?
CCS.
MEDC.
@@PFPS function.

The engine fire detectors  have an overheat threshold  and a fire limit
2040C and 2440C.
@@Depend the zone of engine fire detector assembly is installed.
Depend the set level in MEDC.

The cargo fire extinguishing flow valves
Regulate the extinguishing agent to the cargo compartments.
Measure the extinguishing agent to the cargo compartments.
@@Send the extinguishing agent to either the fwd cargo or aft/bulk cargo compartment.

On ground, the cargo compartment fire extinguishing system only operates in the manual mode and
The HRD bottles discharge immediately, the LRD bottles discharge after a 15-minute delay.
The LRD bottles discharge immediately, the HRD bottles discharge after a 15-minute delay.
@@The HRD and only one of the LRD bottles discharge immediately with no 15-minute delay.

How many are there the fire extinguisher bottles for the wheel well overheat?
1 bottles for each wheel well.
1 bottles for each main wheel well.
@@No fire extinguishing system for the wheel well.

These sources supply electrical power to PCM in FCE Left ?(B2)
@@VFSG PMG on the left Engine , LEFT 28V DC bus, FCE Battery
VFSG PMG on the left Engine , CAPT Flight instrument Bus , FCE Battery
HOT Battery Bus , CAPT Flight instrument Bus , FCE Battery

The PFCF has 3 modes of operation: (A, B2)
Normal,Secondary,Alternate.
Primery , Secondary , Direct
@@Normal , Secondary , Direct

The actuator control electronics (ACE) operates in (A, B2)
Direct PFCF mode only
Normal and secondary PFCF mode only.
@@All three PFCF modes

When does the PFCF change its operation to secondary mode? (B1, B2)
@@Loss of important air or inertial data.
03 of ACEs fail
03 of FCM fail

What is the power source 28v dc for the control column backdrive actuator(BDA),rudder pedal(BDA),control wheel( BDA )comes from the ..?(B2)
R 28v dc bus
Captain instrument bus
@@First officer instrument bus.

The 2 FCE batteries (Lithium Ion type) are a backup source of power for (B2)
@@FCE left and FCE right.
FCE left and FCE-C1
FCE-C2 and FCE right.

How long The FCE batteries can supply for PCM L and PCM R after the loss of all    power sources.? (B2)
@@10 minutes
15 minutes
30minutes

During low-speed flight . Which flight controls are used for roll control?(A, B2)
Flaperons
Airlerons
@@Ailerons,flaperons and spoiler

There are three modes of flap and slat operation : primary , secondary and (A, B2)
Stanbay
@@Alternate
Direct

Symmetric spoilers are used as speedbrakes . What do asymmetric spoilers assist ?(A, B2)
@@Roll control
Pitch control
Yaw control

How to detect Outboard Slat Skew? (B1, B2)
@@It uses a cable (lanyard) system.A lanyard goes along the back of the outboard slats and connects to the DMA.
It uses Inboard Skew Sensors to detect Outboard skew
It use Slat Position Sensors to detect Outboard skew

What is the purpose of the horizontal stabilizer cutout switches ?(B1, B2)
remove hydraulic power from horizontal stabilizer PCUs
@@remove power from the electric motor control unit (EMCU).
Send signals to the ACEs to stop stabilizer movement

The flight control software is in: (A, B1, B2)
CCS.
@@FCE.
ACE.

In the PFCF direct mode: (A, B1, B2)
@@Flight deck inputs supply control commands through the ACEs.
The FCMs supply control commands to the flight surfaces.
Flight deck inputs supply control commands through the back drive actuators.

The primary flight control function (PFCF) has these components: (A, B1, B2)
FCE L, FCE C and FCE R.
@@FCE L, FCE C1, FCE C2 and FCE R.
FCE L, FCE CL, FCE CR and FCE R.

The primary flight control function (PFCF) has these components: (A, B1, B2)
2 FCMs (one in the FCE L and one in the FCE R).
4 FCMs (one in each FCEs).
@@3 FCMs (one in the FCE L, one in the FCE C1 and one in the FCE R).

How many are there direct mode rate sensors (DMRS)? (A, B1, B2)
@@4
3
2

What does the primary source power to the PCM in FCE L, R and C1? (B1, B2)
Captain flight instrument bus.
28 V DC Bus.
@@VFSG PMG.

Which PCMs have an own FCE battery? (B1, B2)
PCM C1 and PCM C2
@@PCM L and PCM R.
PCM L, PCM C1 and PCM R.

What does the incorrect thing with the ACEs? (A, B1, B2)
@@There is one type of ACE.
The ACEs change the analog signals to digital and send them through FCM.
The ACEs receive all flight deck control inputs.

The Primary Flight Control Function (PFCF), Auto Flight Function (AFF) and High Lift Function (HLF) are in (A, B1, B2)
PCM.
@@FCM.
ACE.

Even the flight control surface switches are ON, LOCK shows: (A, B1, B2)
The switches remove hydraulic from flight control PCUs.
@@The primary surfaces can move if the PRIMARY FLIGHT COMPUTERS switch is in the DISC position.
The high lift surfaces can not move.

Even the flight control surface switches are ON, LOCK shows: (A, B1, B2)
The switches remove hydraulic from flight control PCUs.
The primary surfaces can not move.
@@The high lift surfaces can move if the flaps are in the ALTN mode.

If any required sensor data are invalid, the PFCF automatically transits from Normal to Secondary mode(B1, B2)
If data are valid again, the PFCF automatically back to Normal mode
@@The Mode does not automatically return to Normal mode.
If data are still invalid, the PFCF automatically transits in Direct mode.

In Secondary mode, these protection functions are not available:
@@Yaw damping.
Bank angle.
Overspeed.

What does control the hydraulic solenoid valve on the PCU? (B1, B2)
ACE.
FCM.
@@REU/SREU.

These spoilers use EMCU to move the EMAs: (A, B1, B2)
6 and 9.
@@4, 5, 10 and 11.
3 and 12.

There are 4 RVDTs in the control wheel position transducer: (B1, B2)
3 RVDTs for FCEs and 1 RVDT for back up.
4 RVDTs for 4 FCEs.
@@3 RVDTs for FCEs and 1 RVDTs for spoiler EMCU.

The wheel force transducer send a signal to FCEs for (B1, B2)
@@Bank angle protection.
Stall protection.
Override the control wheel.

The control wheel lateral force limiter permits(A, B1, B2)
Limit the control wheel angle movement.
Move the control wheel when autopilot engages.
@@Full movement of non-jammed wheel.

If you install only a left or right flaperon/aileron PCU (B1, B2)
Do the 27 flight control – flaperon/aileron actuator LRU test.
Do the left or right flaperon/aileron actuator major rig task.
@@Do the left or right flaperon/aileron actuator minor rig task.

When you operate the flaps on ground (retract or extend) (A, B1, B2)
You must have all 03 external electric powers.
@@You must raise the spoilers at least 5 degrees.
You must operate all 03 hydraulic systems at a time.

When you set the parking brake, (B1, B2)
@@The spoilers move to a no-gap position above the flap.
The spoilers move to a gap position above the flap.
The spoilers move to a partial position above the flap.

These spoiler EMCUs get an analog signal directly from the RVDTs of the captain and F/O control wheel   (B1, B2)
6 and 9.
@@4 and 11.
5 and 10.

When does we use lock out tool to dispatch the spoiler EMA inoperative? (B1, B2)
If the hydraulic spoiler dispatch tool is not available.
If the spoiler EMA doesn’t have a shearout.
@@If the spoiler EMA has a shearout.

What statement is True? (B1, B2)
The OVERFILL light comes on if the RCP senses an overfill condition.
The OVERFILL light comes on if there are fuel in surge tank.
@@The OVERFILL light comes on if the FQIS senses an overfill condition.

Purpose of the B787 aircraft vent system is: (B2)
@@Prevents pressure differences between the tanks and ambient air.
Remove water and contamination from the fuel tanks.
Removes fuel fumes from the tank before maintenance access

Location of the fuel center tank: (B2)
They are between ribs 9 and 32 in the wing box of each wing.
The center tank is between rib 4 of the left wing and rib 4 of the right wing. Wing ribs divide each side of the center tank into seven fuel bays.
@@The center tank is between rib 9 of the left wing and rib 9 of the right wing. Wing ribs divide each side of the center tank into seven fuel bays.

How do you know  the surge tank pressure relief valve opened when you’re doing a walk around check? (B2)
With EICAS display.
@@it protrudes below the lower surface of the wing.
Observe fuel spill through a flame arrestor and vent scoop.

When does Refuel Control Panel (RCP) get electric power from RPDUs? (B2)
@@The RCP gets power when the RCP door is open.
When aircraft is on ground and has power.
When all valves switches is “Enable”

What statement is True? (B2)
The OVERFILL light comes on if the RCP senses an overfill condition.
The OVERFILL light comes on if there are fuel in surge tank.
@@The OVERFILL light comes on if the FQIS senses an overfill condition.

Purpose of Engine Feed system? (B2)
@@Sends fuel to the engines from the main and center fuel tanks. Can balance fuel between main tanks.
Uses fuel to cool the variable frequency starter generators (VFSG) during engine shutdown.
Sends fuel to fuel operated valves and actuators.

What statement is True? (B2)
The fuel pump pressure switch is not an LRU.
@@The fuel boost pumps are different from the center tank fuel pumps.
The fuel boost pumps are the same with the center tank fuel pumps

What statement is True? (B2)
Each O/J pump motor is controlled by a CMSC.
@@The fuel boost pump motor operates on variable frequency power of 369 Hz to 800 Hz at 235v ac. The electrical load control units (ELCU) give overcurrent and ground fault interruption protection for the fuel boost pumps.
The O/J pump motor-impeller assembly can’t be removed without defueling the center tank.

To transfer fuel from one tank to a different tank, we use: (A, B1, B2)
The Refuel Control Panel (RCP) only.
The Fuel Control Panel (FCP) only.
@@Both the RCP and the FCP.

To perform Fuel Quantity Indicating System Channel Comparison - Functional Test: (B1, B2)
Refuel valves are open, and the airplane AIR/GROUND status is GND.
@@Refuel valves are closed, and the airplane AIR/GROUND status is GND.
Refuel valves are closed, and the airplane AIR/GROUND status is AIR.

Refuel operation with electrical power from the airplane battery: (A, B1, B2)
@@Only the left main tank can be refueled.
Only the right main tank can be refueled.
Only the center tank can be refueled.

The pressure refuel system is controlled by: (B1, B2)
@@Fuel quantity management system (FQMS) function software.
Refuel control panel (RCP).
FQMS functions software and the RCP.

Power to open and close the refuel valves is supplied by: (B1, B2)
28 v dc CAPT INST BUS
28 v dc LEFT MAIN BUS.
@@28 v dc CAPT INST BUS or 28 v dc LEFT MAIN BUS.

The fuel shutoff module (FSM) makes sure that the fuel system always has power: (B1, B2)
To open Engine fuel shutoff valves and APU fuel shutoff valve.
@@To close Engine fuel shutoff valves and APU fuel shutoff valve.
To open and close Engine fuel shutoff valves and APU fuel shutoff valve.

Fuel Pumps PRESS light switch come on and stay on: (B1, B2)
The pump is faulty.
There is power is not supplied to the pump.
@@There is low pressure at the pump outlet.

Electrical power for operation of the override/jettison (O/J) pumps is from? (B1, B2)
The electrical load control unit (ELCU).
@@Override/jettison motor controllers (OJMC).
ELCU and OJMC.

Fuel jettison nozzle valves are controlled? (B1, B2)
@@Directly by the nozzle switches on the fuel control panel (FCP).
By Fuel quantity management system (FQMS) function.
Only on the ground.

The FQMS function does these functions: (B1, B2)
Fuel quantity, fuel temperature, fuel displays.
Fuel level, volumetric shutoff, overfills warning.
@@Fuel quantity, fuel temperature, fuel displays, fuel level, volumetric shutoff, overfills warning.

The ground test for the left aft boost pump is required: (B1, B2)
Electric power from APU.
@@Electric power from external power.
Electric power from battery.

What signals can automatically extend the RAT: (B1, B2)
BSCU and BPCU
HYDIF and BSCU
@@BPCU and HYDIF

The left and right hydraulic systems supply hydraulic power to these related components: (A, B1, B2)
Primary flight control (PFC) actuators, High lift control, Thrust reverser control valve and actuators.
Primary flight control (PFC) actuators, Landing gear actuators, Thrust reverser control valve and actuators.
@@Primary flight control (PFC) actuators, Thrust reverser control valve and actuators.

Electric motor pumps (EMP) get power (B1, B2)
From hot battery bus.
From Electric Load Control Unit (ELCU).
@@From common motor start controllers (CMCS).

There is a copy of the HYDIF software in 3 general processor modules: (B1, B2)
@@2 in the left CCR cabinet, 1 in the right CCR cabinet.
1 in the left CCR cabinet, 2 in the right CCR cabinet.
3 in the left CCR cabinet.

If the electrical power source is External Power (EP), to operate the Electric Motor Pump (EMP): (A, B1, B2)
Make sure that an IRU (Inertial Reference Unit) is off.
@@Make sure that an IRU is on.
Make sure that GND test switch in ENABLE position.

When 2 External Power (FWD L&R) available: (A, B1, B2)
C1 & L or C2 & R EMP can operates.
@@C1 & R or C2 & L EMP can operates.
All EMP can be operates.

If a system pressure signal is not valid (sensor out-of-range): (B1, B2)
The lowest valid pump pressure for the related system shows.
@@The highest valid pump pressure for the related system shows.
The average valid pump pressure for the related system shows.

On ground maintenance, to prepare retraction of the RAT (Ram Air Turbine): (B1, B2)
Set the GND Test switch to the NORM position.
@@Set the GND Test switch to the ENABLE position.
Center hydraulic system must be depressurized.

The amber RAT unlocked (UNLKD) light is on indicates: (B1, B2)
RAT is deployed.
@@RAT is not in the fully up and locked position.
RAT is stowed.

What system use PIDS icing signal for automatic operation: (A, B1, B2)
WIPS, CIPS
WIPS, EAI
@@WIPS, EAI, CIPS

What data are used by the processor in the PIDS detector to decide an icing: (A, B1, B2)
@@Moisture, Ground speed, Air/ground data, Angle of attack (AOA), Air temperature, Static pressure
Ground speed, Air/ground data, Angle of attack (AOA),Air temperature, Static pressure
Moisture, Ground speed, Air temperature, Static pressure

The wing ice protection control unit: (B2)
@@Has 24 zone control cards supply AC power to a symmetrical set of heater mats on the wings.
Gets 135vac through 2 remote data concentrators (RDC).
Gets temperature data from 24 temperature sensors for control and monitoring.

The primary ice detection system (PIDS) is fully automated and: (B1, B2)
Operates on the ground.
@@Operates in flight.
Operates on ground or in flight.

Engine anti-ice (EAI) system prevents ice: (B1, B2)
@@Uses engine compressor bleed air to heat the inside of the inlet cowl lip.
Uses engine turbine hot air to heat the inside of the inlet cowl lip.
Uses electro-thermal heater to heat the inside of the inlet cowl lip.

Which slats are heated to prevent icing? (B1, B2)
@@2, 3, 4, 5 and 8, 9, 10, 11.
Inboard leading edge slats.
All leading edge slats.

If one heater zone of slat #2 fails: (B1, B2)
The EICAS caution message shows.
@@The zone in the same position on the slat # 11 is shut off to keep symmetry.
The zone in the opposite position on the slat # 2 is shut off to keep symmetry.

The air data sensors ice protection system uses electrical heaters are: (B1, B2)
@@Pitot probes, Angle of attack (AOA) sensors, P20/T20 probe, Total air temperature (TAT) probe.
Pitot probes, AOA sensors, static pressure sense ports, TAT probe.
Pitot probes, AOA sensors, TAT probe.

The cabin air compressor (CAC) inlet ice protection system (CIPS) operates: (B1, B2)
On the ground, EAI switch is set to AUTO and PIDS shows an icing condition.
@@In the air, EAI switch is set to AUTO and PIDS shows an icing condition.
In the air when the foreign object damage (FOD) door is deployed.

The window heat control system (WHCS) operates in backup mode: (B1, B2)
@@Supply only forward window anti-fog.
Supply only forward window anti-ice.
Supply forward window anti-ice and anti-fog.

The forward flight recorder and flight deck area microphone get power from? (B2)
The R (Right) 28V (Volts) DC (Direct Current) bus.
The L (Left) 28V (Volts) DC (Direct Current) bus through the RIPS (Recorder Independent Power Supply).
@@The L (Left) 28V (Volts) DC (Direct Current) bus through the RIPS (Recorder Independent Power Supply), the RIPS (Recorder Independent Power Supply) battery, a test set through a connector on the P40 panel.

How many components does the RIPS (Recorder Independent Power Supply) have an interface? (B2)
Aft FR (Flight Recorder).
@@Forward FR (Flight Recorder) and Flight deck area microphone.
Forward FR, Aft FR (Flight Recorder) and Flight deck area microphone.

The flight deck area microphone sends analog audio to these components: (B2)
@@Forward FR (Flight Recorder), Aft FR (Flight Recorder) and P40.
Forward FR (Flight Recorder) and Captain ACP (Audio Control Panel).
Aft (Flight Recorder) and First Officer ACP (Audio Control Panel).

The FRS (Flight Recorder System) has these components: (B2)
Only Forward FR (Flight Recorder) with ULB (Underwater Locator Beacon).
Forward FR (Flight Recorder) with ULB (Underwater Locator Beacon) and Aft FR (Flight Recorder) with ULB (Underwater Locator Beacon).
@@Forward FR (Flight Recorder) with ULB (Underwater Locator Beacon) and Aft FR (Flight Recorder) with ULB (Underwater Locator Beacon), RIPS (Recorder Independent Power Supply), Flight compartment area microphone.

What are the FR (Flight Recorder)s functions? (B2)
Only FR (Flight Recorder) function.
@@FR (Flight Recorder) function, CVR (Cockpit Voice Recorder) function, Datalink recorder for CNS (Communication/Navigation/Surveillance)/ATM (Air Traffic Management) function, DFDAF (Digital Flight Data Acquisition Function).
Only CVR (Cockpit Voice Recorder) function.

What’s happen if no engines start and the airplane does not take off within 10 minutes after you push the TEST switch: (B2)
@@The FR (Flight Recorder) stops the recording operation.
The FR (Flight Recorder) continues the recording operation.
The FR (Flight Recorder) stops the recording operation after 5 minutes later.

What’s happen if test passes from the TEST switch on the CVR (Cockpit Voice Recorder) panel? (B2)
The flight deck speakers make a 1 kHz (kilohertz) tone and the status message VOICE RECORDER SYS show.
@@The flight deck speakers make a 1 kHz (kilohertz) tone and the status message VOICE RECORDER SYS does not show.
Only the status message VOICE RECORDER SYS does not show.

The DCAF makes alerts and sends the alert data to the: (B2)
Only Graphic generators (GG).
Only Master warning and caution lights.
@@Graphic generators (GG), Audio control panels (ACP) and Master warning and caution lights.

The Graphic generators (GG) get power from: (B2)
The main battery.
The RPDU cards.
@@The power conditioning modules in the CCR cabinets.

What’s the function of HUD (Head-Up Display) declutter switch? (B2)
Turn ON HUD (Head-Up Display).
Turn OFF HUD (Head-Up Display).
@@Controls the quantity of data that appears on the HUD (Head-Up Display).

There is an EICAS transfer switch on the Captain and the First Officer EFIS/DSP control panel, the EICAS transfer switch use for: (B2)
@@Moves the EICAS display between the Captain side and the First Officer side.
Removes some EICAS messages on the Captain side and the First Officer side.
Shows secondary engine data from EICAS on the Captain side.

How long can each flight recorder (FR) stores system parameters? (B2)
@@Up to 25 hours.
Up to 2 hours.
Up to 255 hours.

Using airplane network, data from the EAFRs (Enhanced Airborne Flight Recorder) can be downloaded from?  (B2)
The Aft EAFR.
@@The Forward EAFR.
Neither Forward EAFR nor Aft EAFR, flight data can only be downloaded in the shop.

What is the function of RLS (Remote Light Sensor)? (B2)
The RLS (Remote Light Sensor) sends an ambient light analog signal to the CDN (Common Data Network) for automatic indication of the HDD (Head-Down Display).
@@The RLS (Remote Light Sensor) sends an ambient light analog signal to the CDN (Common Data Network) for automatic brightness control of the HDD (Head-Down Display).
The RLS (Remote Light Sensor) sends an ambient light analog signal to the CDN (Common Data Network) for manual brightness control of the HDD (Head-Down Display).

Where does the Forward FR get power? (B2)
Directly from a left 28v dc bus.
@@From a 28v dc bus through the recorder independent power supply (RIPS).
From hot battery bus.

When does the FR (Flight Recorder) start recording flight data and audio? (B2)
Parking brake release.
@@The flight crew enters the origin airport during preflight.
Push the cockpit voice recorder (CVR) ERASE button.

Where does the flight compartment printer get print requests? (B2)
@@UMD (Universal Maintenance Device), MFD (Multi Function Display)s, EFB (Electronic Flight Bag) system.
Only EFB (Electronic Flight Bag) system.
Head Up Display (HUD)s.

How many remote light sensors (RLS) are there? (B2)
@@2
1
3

How many positions does the HUD (Head-Up Display) combiner have? (B2)
@@Stowed, Deployed and Breakaway.
Stowed and Deployed.
Stowed and Breakaway.

What are the CBIC (Circuit Breaker Indication and Control) functions? (B2)
Gives control and indications for ECB (Electronic Circuit Breaker)s.
Gives control and indications for TCB (Thermal Circuit Breaker)s.
@@Gives control and indications for ECB (Electronic Circuit Breaker)s and indications for TCB (Thermal Circuit Breaker)s.

What is the function of display and crew alert function ( DCAF ) ?(A, B2)
Getting and processing aircraft system and crew input data, then making the graphic commands and sending them to HDDs and HUDs.
@@Getting and processing aircraft system and crew input data, then making the display commands and sending them to graphics generators.
Getting and processing aircraft system and crew input data, then making the display commands and sending them to EICAS.

How many outputs does each graphics generator have ? ( B2)
4
5
@@6

Where is the clock display ?(A, B2)
@@On auxiliary display of PFD.
On auxiliary display of ND.
On status page .

Flight crews and maintenance personel use CCD ( Cursor Control Device ) to control the cursor and make a selections on: (A, B2)
Either captain or FO side HDDs and EFB DUs
@@Onside inboard HDD, onside part of lower HDD and onside EFB DU.
Onside HUDs and EFB DUs.

The EFIS(Electronic Flight Instrument System )/DSP(Display Select Panel) has this control for the NDs( Navigation Display ):(A, B2)
@@ND mode selector,range selector and map switches.
ND mode selector,EICAStransfer switch and map switches.
ND mode selector,EICAStransfer switch and meters switch.

What shows on the HUD combiners when it is not in the correct deployed position ?(A, B2)
It shows blank.
OFF HUD.
@@ALIGN HUD.

What is the function of RLS (Remote Light Sensor)?(B2)
@@The RLS (Remote Light Sensor) sends an ambient light analog signalto the CDN (Common Data Network) for automatic brightness control of the HDD (Head-Down Display).
The RLS (Remote Light Sensor) sends an ambient light analog signal to the CDN (Common Data Network) for automatic indication of the HDD (Head-Down Display).
Both a and b are correct.

If one GG (Graphics generator ) failed, how many displays can show data?: (B2)
7
@@6
4

The alternate EFIS (Electronic Flight Instrument System)/DSP (Display Select Panel) function is used for: (A, B2)
@@Control all the switches on the captain and first officer EFIS (Electronic Flight Instrument System)/DSP (Display Select Panel) except for the cursor control selector.
Control all the switches on the captain and first officer EFIS (Electronic Flight Instrument System)/DSP (Display Select Panel) and  the cursor control selector.
Control some switches on the captain and first officer EFIS (Electronic Flight Instrument System)/DSP (Display Select Panel) except for the cursor control selector.

How to get access to CMCF(Central Maintenance Computing Function).?: (A, B2)
Using MFD (Multi Function Display) or ML (maintenance laptop).
@@Using MFD (Multi Function Display) , ML (maintenance laptop) or EFB (Electronic Flight Bag).
Using only MFD.

What kind of messages on EICAS (Engine Indication and Crew Alerting System) display are crew alerting messages ?:(B2)
Caution, comm and memo message.
@@Warning, caution and advisory message.
Warning, caution, memo and advisory message.

If there is a status message, can we dispatch the aircraft ? (A, B2)
We must clear the message before dispatching the aircraft.
@@We must clear the message or defer the fault condition in accordance with MMEL before dispatching the aircraft.
We must defer the fault condition in accordance with MMEL before dispatching the aircraft.

How many flight recorders are there in the FRS (Flight Recorder System)?  (A, B2)
1
@@2
3

What data is recorded and stored in flight recorder?  (B2)
@@Flight parameters, flight compartment audio and datalink messages.
Last 20 hours of flight parameters.
Flight parameters and flight compartment audio .

DCAF (Display and Crew Alerting Function) makes  alerts and then send data to: (B2)
Graphic generators - for display on the PDS (Primary Display System) and Master warning and caution lights.
@@Graphic generators - for display on the PDS (Primary Display System), ACP (Audio Control Panel) - to make aural alerts and Master warning and caution lights.
Graphic generators - for display on the PDS (Primary Display System), ACP (Audio Control Panel) - to make aural alerts.

When does the stick shaker actuators cause the control columns to shake?: (A, B2)
@@When the airplane is near the stall condition.
When Engine fire is detected.
When APU fire is detected

To download of cockpit voice data from the FR (Flight Recorder) we can: (A, B2)
Download  data from the forward FR using airplane network
Download data directly from the aft FR using J4 connection
@@Download data from the forward FR  and the aft FR in the shop

The DCAF (Display and Crew Alerting Function) uses the nose gear pressure transducer signals to : (A, B2)
Do a check of the nose gear cylinder pressure
@@Do a check of the stabilizer green band position calculation
Do a check of the Air/Ground mode calculation

When getting more than 1 input, how does the printer work ?(B2)
The request from CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function) will be printed first,followed by DCMF(Data Communication Management Function), ACMF (Airplane Condition Monitoring Function), and EFB (Electronic Flight Bag).
@@The request from DCMF(Data Communication Management Function) will be printed first,followed by CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function), ACMF (Airplane Condition Monitoring Function), and EFB (Electronic Flight Bag).
The request from ACMF (Airplane Condition Monitoring Function) will be printed first,followed by CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function), DCMF(Data Communication Management Function), and EFB (Electronic Flight Bag).

When do master warning lights or master caution lights go off after coming on? (A, B2)
When you push the aural cancel switch or the warning/caution condition goes away.
Only when the warning/caution condition goes away.
@@When you push the master/caution switch or the warning/caution condition goes away.

How do you close main landing gear doors with only one 90 KVA EP? (A, B1, B2)
Cannot close main landing gear doors.
Close 2 main landing gear doors at the same time.
@@Close each main landing gear doors at a time to prevent overload.

How many proximity sensing data concentrators are there for the landing gear system? (B2)
2
@@4
6

What components give Air/Ground data? (B1, B2)
@@Truck tilt sensors and strut compressed sensors.
Truck tow sensors and strut compressed sensors.
WOW load sensors.

What kind of Volt to control all landing gear valves? (B2)
12V DC.
@@28V DC.
40V DC.

What are(is) control landing gear control system sequencing? (A, B1, B2)
@@The landing gear actuation and nose wheel steering (LGA/NWS) control function in the common core system (CCS).
Control proximity sensors.
Landing gear control lever module.

Which brake system components control brake system operation? (B1, B2)
Electric brake actuator controllers (EBAC).
@@Brake system control unit (BSCU).
Electric brake power supply units (EBPSU).

Which components calculate antiskid command? (B1, B2)
@@Main landing gear axle remote data concentrators.
Nose landing gear axle remote data concentrators.
Brake System Control Unit (BSCU).

Which inputs does the nose landing gear actuation/nose wheel steering (LGA/NWS) software function use to calculate nose wheel steering position commands? (B1, B2)
@@Captain & F/O Tiller position and Rudder pedal position.
NWS position from NWS position transducer module.
Tow lever position.

Push the Rudder pedal disconnect switch on nose wheel steering (NWS) tiller module (B1, B2)
@@Permits a test of rudder movement without nose wheel movement.
To disconnect mechanical links between rudder pedals and tillers.
To disconnect tillers position input.

How many sensors do tail strike system have (B1, B2)
1 sensor.
2 sensors.
@@No sensor because it is open/short circuit.

On EICAS, at landing gear position display area there is only one box with DOWN inside. It means (A, B1, B2)
One main landing gear is extended and locked.
Only nose landing gear is extended and locked.
@@All landing gears are extended and locked.

Which page is used to check if gear doors are closed? (A, B1, B2)
Door synoptic page.
@@Gear synoptic page.
Status page.

Where can you check brakes for wear? (A, B1, B2)
Gear synoptic page.
@@Landing Gear Brakes Maintenance Page and Brake wear indicator pins.
Check Brake wear indicator pins only.

What kinds of signal does the passenger signs control panel is on the P5 overhead panel will control: (B1, B2)
@@Chime and Signs
Only single chime
Only SignS

Which types of galley lights can show different colors?  (B1, B2)
@@Area lights in the ceiling panel
Work lights in the galley insert
Neither Area lights nor Work lights

For the cargo loading lights to operate, which position of the forward cargo door must be: ? (B2)
It In Closed position
@@In Up position (fully open)
Not in closed

If airplane power fails, what is the lights can automatically get power from batteries? (B2)
@@WELS
Service lights
information signs

Where is the PRIME wireless emergency lighting system (WELS) control units?   (B1, B2)
@@The prime units are above 4 of the passenger doors
The prime units are in FWD and AFT EE bay
The prime units are above ceiling of CABIN

Which Prime WELS control  units is the master prime unit?  (B1, B2)
@@The prime unit above door 1L
The prime unit above door 3L
The prime unit above door 4R

What is control the master brightness control function? (B2)
A hosted application in the core network system
@@A hosted application in the CCR
A hosted application in the CSS

What does the white dot above a switch show? (A, B2)
@@The lights that are controlled by the MASTER BRIGHT switch
The lights that are controlled by the DOME  switch
The lights that are controlled by the STORM switch

How to control the lights inside forward cargo compartment?  (A, B2)
@@controlled by switches located inside and outside the cargo door
Automatic controlled by Application software in CCR
Controlled by switches  located in P40 panel

How to Rekey the WELS ?(B2)
@@By CMCF
By manually
contact the manufacture

What is the purpose of The forward and rear position lights show?  (A, B2)
@@position, attitude, and direction of flight of the airplane
forward direction
the location of the aft end of the airplane

The power supply for logo light from RPDU is: (B2)
28 VDC
@@115VAC
115VDC

What kinds of the cargo compartment exterior lights are? (B1, B2)
halogen-type bulbs
LED light
@@high intensity discharge (HID) type

Which light will get power from same source with  the wing landing lights (from triple channel power supply) ? (B2)
nose landing gear taxi light
@@runway turnoff light
wing illumination light

How are the annunciator lights controlled? (B2)
@@Each system controls its annunciator lights
CSS (Cabin Services System) software
A panel lighting hosted function in CCR

What is the power from PSM (passenger services module) supply for the information sign? (B2)
@@115VAC
28Vdc
115VDC

How long the WBU must replacement? (B2)
05 year replacement schedule
@@04 year replacement schedule
03 year replacement schedule

Which WCU communicates with the CDN ?(B2)
@@only the master prime WCU
all 4 prime WCU
The prime WCU at door 1L and door 3L

If you operate the EMER LIGHTS TEST switch on the master attendant panel then: (A, B2)
@@The EMER LIGHTS switch on the P5 panel must be OFF and the GND TEST switch set to the ENABLE position
The EMER LIGHTS switch on the P5 panel must be ARM and the GND TEST switch set to the ENABLE position
No action require

What is The exterior lights get power from the emergency lighting system ? (B2)
@@passenger door viewing lights
wing lights
There is no exterior lights get power from the emergency lighting system

What’s purpose of transformer inside the cargo loading lights? (B2)
@@The transformer gets 115v ac from RPDUs. The transformer gives 12v ac to the lights
The transformer gets 115v ac from RPDUs. The transformer gives 28v ac to the lights
The transformer gets 115v ac from RPDUs. The transformer gives 28v dc to the lights

The FLOOR LIGHTS switch on the P8 panel controls has: (A, B2)
@@BRT, DIM, and OFF positions.
BRT and OFF positions.
BRT, ON and OFF positions.

Where is the software control the cabin lights ? (B2)
@@In CSS
In CCR
In CAP

Where is the triple power supply located? (A, B2)
At FWD EE bay
@@In the onside wing leading edge
At aft cargo compartment

For controllingthe lighting systems, B787 use:(A, B1, B2)
@@The airplane CDN (Common Data Network) and software
The dimmer control units (DCU) and relays related
The CSSC(Cabin Service System Controller) and cabin attendant panel

The B787 lighting systems use HID (High Intensity Discharge) bulbs for ? (A, B2)
Fflight deck light
Cabin compartment light
@@Exterior lights

How are the annunciator lights controlled?(A, B2)
@@Each system controls its annunciator lights
CSS (Cabin Services System) software
A panel lighting hosted function in CCR

Which light in flight compartment contain an emergency dome light (A, B2)
first officer's aft and the pilot's forward dome lights
first officer's forward and the pilot's forward dome lights
@@First officer's forward and the pilot's aft dome lights

The service lights give light for maintenance and servicing, the service lights in which areas are the same? (A, B2)
@@In Main Landing Gear wheel and in Forward main equipment
In Forward main equipment and at the refuel control panel
at the refuel control panel and in Main Landing Gear wheel well

The interior cargo compartment lights are : (A, B2)
On the cargo compartment sidewall. The lights are the same in all the cargo compartments
@@On the cargo compartment ceiling. The lights are the same in all the cargo compartments
On the cargo compartment ceiling. The lights are difference in all the cargo compartments

In which position light, when an LED (Light Emitting Diode) fails, you must change the LED (Light Emitting Diode) module assembly with lens. (A, B2)
Forward position lights
@@The rear position lights
The tailcone position lights

On the lighting panel on cockpit, to control the white anti-collision lights(A, B2)
@@Use the STROBE switch
use the BEACON switch
use the NAV  switch

All the emergency lights come on when this conditions(A, B2)
The emergency light switch on the P5 panel is in the ARMED position
@@A test is done from the master attendant switch panel
The emergency light switch on the P5 panel is in the TEST position

The 2 emergency egress lights use LED (Light Emitting Diode)s and show what colour(A, B2)
@@white
Red
Green

When does the taxi light come on ?(A, B2)
when the NLG (Nose Landing Gear) landing light switch or the NLG (Nose Landing Gear) taxi light switch is on if the flaps are fully extended.
when the NLG (Nose Landing Gear) landing light switch or the NLG (Nose Landing Gear) taxi light switch is on if the MLG (Main Landing Gear) is compressed.
@@when the NLG (Nose Landing Gear) landing light switch or the NLG (Nose Landing Gear) taxi light switch is on if the NLG (Nose Landing Gear) is down and locked.

What are the components of position light system ?(A, B2)
Red forward position light on the right wing tip, green forward position light on the left wing tip, white rear position lights and white tailcone position lights.
@@Green forward position light on the right wing tip, red forward position light on the left wing tip, white rear position lights and white tailcone position lights.
Red forward position light on the right wing tip, green forward position light on the left wing tip, white rear position lights.

How do the flight control modules (FCMs) make voted data reference functions (ADRF) data (B2)
Average value selection
@@Mid-value selection
Lowest value selection

The air data reference system (ADRS) uses its components and software functions to calculate airplane parameter such as(B2)
@@Airspeed, Barometric altitude and Temperature.
Temperature.
Airspeed

The static ports are: (A, B2)
@@not heated.
heated.
Heated by hot air.

Non-normal failure indications for the air data reference system (ADRS) show as: (B2)
@@Failure flags (amber) on the primary flight display (PFD), Failure flags (green) on the head-up display (HUD)
Failure flags (green) on the primary flight display (PFD),
Failure flags (amber) on the head-up display (HUD)

The CMCF ground test lets you do tests of the: (B2)
Air data system only
Total air temperature system only
@@Air data system, Total air temperature system and Heaters.

The earth reference system (ERS) calculates these primary inertial parameters for: (B2)
@@Attitude, Heading, Velocity, Position
Attitude only
Velocity, Position only

The element colors of TCAS/ATC Antenna are: (B2)
@@Yellow, Black, Blue, Red.
Blue, Red. White, Black
Blue, Red. White, Brown

The TAT probe is on: (A, B2)
@@The left side of the forward fuselage.
The right side of the forward fuselage.
The left side of the aft fuselage.

The TAT probe has an: (A, B2)
The internal 110v ac heater to prevent ice.
@@The internal 115v ac heater to prevent ice.
The internal 125v ac heater to prevent ice.

The TAT data shows on: (A, B2)
@@The EICAS.
The head-up diplay.
The MCDU.

The ERS components are in: (A, B2)
The fwd EE bay
@@The aft EE bay
The mid EE bay

Where is the ADRF (Air Data Reference Function) located? (A, B2)
@@In the FCE (Flight Control Electronics)
In the CCR (Common Computing Resource)
The ERS (Earth Reference System)

When aligning ERS Earth Reference System, If a GPS position is received, the POS INIT page on the CDU will? (A, B2)
Display boxes in the SET INERTIAL POSITION line
@@Display dashes in the SET INERTIAL POSITION line
Display blank  in the SET INERTIAL POSITION line

When replace the IRU (Inertial Reference Unit) or AHRU (Attitude and Heading Reference Unit) we must note: (B2)
Replace the IRU (or AHRU) and the related APM (Airplane Personality Module) at the same time
Replace the IRU (or AHRU) when  there is a related APM (Airplane Personality Module) maintenance message
@@Do not replace the IRU (or AHRU) and the related APM (Airplane Personality Module) at the same time

A function of the ISS (Integrated Surveillance System) is : (B2)
Approach and landing guidance
The FMF (Flight Management Function
@@WXR (Weather Radar) with PWS (Predictive Windshear System)

The MB (Marker Beacon) function operates in : (B2)
@@Left INR (Integrated Navigation Radio) receiver
Right INR (Integrated Navigation Radio) receiver
Left ISSPU (Integrated Surveillance System Processor Unit)

To load software into the INR (Integrated Navigation Radio) receiver, you should: (B2)
Load software when the INR receiver is on the airplane
@@Load software when the INR receiver is in the shop
Cannot  load software for the INR receiver (have no softwre to load)

During inspection of the Low Range Radio Altimeter (LRRA) antenna, if connector nuts have no corrosion but there is corrosion on the surface of the antenna connector and the backplate: (B2)
Replace the antenna immediately
@@Do not replace the antenna
Replace the antenna after 03 flight day

What data will be sent to the ground station by The ATC (Air Traffic Control) function ( after decoding interrogation signals) : (B2)
Aircraft Radio Altitude or Identifier Data
Aircraft Bearing Data or Identifier Data
@@Aircraft Barometric Altitude or Identifier Data

Which condition make the PWS (Predictive Windshear System) goes off: (B2)
The airplane descends below 2300 feet radio altitude
airplane is on the ground and an engine goes to takeoff thrust
@@The airplane climbs above 2300 feet radio altitude

The DME (Distance Measuring Equipment) interrogators send and receive RF (Radio Frequency) signals through:(B2)
@@The On-side DME Antenna
The Off-side DME Antenna
The Both DME Antenna

How many copies of the Flight Management Function software in the CCR (Common Computing Resource) cabinets (B2)
There are Two copies: One in Left CCR, One in Right CCR
@@There are Three copies: Two in Left CCR, One in Right CCR
There are Three copies: One in Left CCR, Two in Right CCR

When Use the MKP (Multifunction Keypad) to enter the Drag Factor and Fuel Flow Factor values, you should note: (B2)
Drag-only entries may be entered with or without a slash preceding
@@Drag and fuel flow values must be separated by a slash
Fuel Flow values must be followed by a slash

Which probes/sensors send analog signal directly to ACE (Actuator Control Electronics)?(A, B2)
TAT probe.
@@Left and right AOA sensors.
Center pitot probe.

How does ADRF (Air Data Reference Function) calculate air temperature ?:(B2)
@@On the ground the ADRF uses CAC (Cabin Air Compressor) inlet temperature in air temperature calculations. In the air the ADRF (Air Data Reference Function) uses the average temperature from the 2 TAT sensor elements and the engine inlet air temperature sensors in air temperature calculations.
In the air the ADRF uses CAC (Cabin Air Compressor) inlet temperature in air temperature calculations
On the ground the ADRF (Air Data Reference Function) uses the average temperature from the 2 TAT sensor elements and the engine inlet air temperature sensors in air temperature calculations.

How does ADRF (Air Data Reference Function) calculate the total pressure?(A, B2)
Each ADRF gets data from the 3 pitot ADM (Air Data Module)s, then takes the first pitot ADM data input for calculation.
@@Each ADRF gets data from the 3 pitot ADM (Air Data Module)s,then takes the middle value of the 3 pitot ADM  inputs for calculation.
Each ADRF gets data from the 3 pitot ADM (Air Data Module)s,then takes the highest  value of the 3 pitot ADM  inputs for calculation.

How is the ILS (Instrument Landing System)/GLS (GNSS Landing System) function tuned?(B2)
It can be tuned automatically by the INR (Integrated Navigation Radio),manually tuned by using the navigation radio page on the CDU (Control Display Unit) or using the ALTN NAV page on the TCP (Tuning Control Panel).
@@It can be tuned automatically by the FMF (Flight Management Function),manually tuned by using the navigation radio page on the CDU (Control Display Unit) or using the ALTN NAV page on the TCP (Tuning Control Panel).
It can be tuned automatically by the FMF (Flight Management Function),manually tuned by using the navigation radio page on the CDU (Control Display Unit).

What is the function of the compensation screws of standby magnetic compass ?(B2)
@@To correct for magnetic deviations caused by electric currents in the flight deck.
To adjust the position of the standby magnetic compass.
To adjust the intergrated light in the standby magnetic compass.

When at least 1 IRS (Inertial Reference System) switch is ON and the ERS (Earth Reference System) is in the ALIGN mode, where can you see the time remaining for the ERS alignment?(A, B2)
TIME TO ALIGN (in minutes) on the MFD(Multifunction Display).
TIME TO ALIGN(in minutes) on the HUD (Head Up Display).
@@TIME TO ALIGN(in minutes) on the PFD (Primary Flight Display) mini-map.

Which component send the localizer and glideslope data to the ISFD (Integrated Standby Flight Display)?(B2)
The right INR (Integrated Navigation Radio).
@@The left INR (Integrated Navigation Radio).
Both of left and right INR (Integrated Navigation Radio).

How does the ISFD (Integrated Standby Flight Display) get 28VDC power ? (B2)
Directly from hot battery bus .
Directly from captain instrument bus.
@@From FCE (Flight Control Electronics) C1.

What is the purpose of the VOR (VHF Omnidirectional Range) function in The INR (Integrated Navigation Radio) ?(B2)
It calculates the magnetic heading of the airplane from the ground station and finds the station identifier signals.
@@It calculates the magnetic bearing of the airplane from the ground station and finds the station identifier signals.
It calculates the relative bearing of the airplane from the ground station and finds the station identifier signals.

How can you manually control the WXR (Weather Radar) tilt angle? (B2)
@@Select weather radar page on TCP (Tuning Control Panel), use TILT CTRL switch to select MAN to manually control the tilt angle.
The control of WXR (Weather Radar) tilt angle from ISSPU (Integrated Surveillance System Processor Unit) is completely automatic.
By using the WXR control panel on P8 panel.

What is the function of TCAS/ATC antenna relays? (B2)
To connect the antenna to RPDU (Remote Power Distribution Unit).
To control the transmitting the interrogation signals and receiving the reply signals
@@To connect either the left or right ISSPU (Integrated Surveillance System Processor Unit) to the TCAS (Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System)/ATC (Air Traffic Control) antennas.

When there is a terrain conflict threat, what message shows on the ND (Navigation Display) and PFD (Primary Flight Display) mini-map?(B2)
TERRAIN shows in red.
@@TERRAIN shows in red if the alert is a warning and shows amber if the alert is a caution.
TERR POS shows in red.

The Crew oxygen pressure indication on EICAS is: (B1, B2)
Highest pressure of the transducers on the 2 cylinders.
Lowest pressure of the transducers on the 2 cylinders.
@@Average pressure of the transducers on the 2 cylinders.

The Crew Oxygen Minimum Dispatch Pressure data is resided in: (A, B1, B2)
AMM ATA 12.
AMM ATA 35.
@@Flight Crew Operations Manual (FCOM).

The crew oxygen cylinders are made of: (A, B1, B2)
Stainless steel.
Titanium.
@@Graphite composite.

Crew oxygen cylinder is located: (A, B1, B2)
@@At right side of forward electronic equipment center.
In aft electronic equipment center.
In flight deck.

How many crew oxygen masks are installed on aircraft? (A, B1, B2)
@@4
5
6

When the green overboard discharge indicator disc is gone, it shows: (A, B1, B2)
Leaks in the tubing.
@@Over pressure conditions.
A normal oxygen cylinder condition.

The passenger oxygen system uses gaseous oxygen: (B1, B2)
From chemical oxygen generator.
From crew oxygen cylinder.
@@From single-use pressurized oxygen cylinders.

What is purpose of a small hole in the high pressure manifold? (B1, B2)
@@Visual indication of cylinder leakage.
Visual indication of over pressure discharge.
Visual indication of normal condition.

How many ways are there to activate the  passengeroxygen system?(B1, B2)
@@2
3
4

When the BIT is complete, LEDs under oxygen PSU door is ON, it shows: (B1, B2)
A board failure.
A cable test failure.
@@The BIT successfully passed the test.

In the potable water system, The fill-supply valve is located at: (B2)
Forward cargo compartment
@@The ceiling between the waste tanks
Aft cargo compartment

Potable Water Flow Orifice is on: (B2)
@@Right potable water tank
Left potable water tank
The ceiling between the waste tanks

In the potable water system, the 2 pumps get power from: (B2)
@@115v ac main bus through remote power distribution units (RPDU)
235v ac main bus
28v dc main buses through remote power distribution units (RPDU)

When is the vent/overflow valve in the overflow position? (B2)
In normal operation
@@During servicing
During drain mode

On the service panel, what selections do you make to flush the potable water system? (B2)
@@Select MAINT and FILL at the same time
Select FILL
Select MAINT and DRAIN at the same time

The ultraviolet (UV) water treatment module gets power from: (A, B1, B2)
@@L 115v ac main bus through remote power distribution unit.
R 115v ac main bus through remote power distribution unit.
Hot battery bus.

The fill/drain valve is a motor-operated valve (MOV): (A, B1, B2)
It opens to fill the tanks during servicing.
It closes during flush operation.
@@It opens to fill, drain, and flush operation.

During fill operations, you select FILL on the service panel: (A, B1, B2)
The fill/drain valve opens immediately.
The fill/drain valve closed immediately.
@@The fill/drain valve opens after delayed time for the ultraviolet (UV) treatment module to warm up.

Two potable water tanks are: (B1, B2)
Pressurized carbon fiber water tanks.
@@Unpressurized carbon fiber water tanks.
carbon fiber water tanks.

The water quantity data is displayed at: (A, B1, B2)
The cabin attendant panel (CAP) and maintenance page.
The potable water service panel and maintenance page.
@@The cabin attendant panel (CAP) and the potable water service panel.

There are 2 water pumps supply pressure to the water in the potable water recirculation system: (B1, B2)
@@The pumps alternate operation each time the system is serviced.
Only one pump operates during system drain operations.
Both pumps operate during system flush operations.

In Maintenance Fill mode: (A, B1, B2)
@@The system does not automatically switch to FLIGHT mode.
The amber UV DELAY indication comes on for 80 seconds.
The vent-overflow valve overflow port closed.

Waste material is moved from the lavatories and galleys to waste tanks: (A, B1, B2)
By differential pressure between the cabin and ambient air in flight (above 4,000 feet).
By differential pressure between the cabin and ambient air in flight (above 5,000 feet).
@@By differential pressure between the cabin and ambient air in flight (above 6,000 feet).

During ground maintenance, to open flush valve: (A, B1, B2)
Push and hold flush switch.
Push the maintenance switch 2 times quickly.
@@Push and release the maintenance switch.

Which sensor senses for waste tank full status? (B1, B2)
Waste tank point level sensor.
Waste tank continuous level sensor.
@@Point level sensor is primary, continuous level sensor is backup if the point level sensor fails.

Where is location of CCR (Common Computing Resource) cabinets? (A, B2)
in the aft equipment center
@@in the forward equipment center
in the forward crown area

How many ARS(ARINC 664 network remote switch) are there in CCS  (A, B2)
@@6
4
2

How many ACS (ARINC 664 network cabinet switch) are there in CCS  (A, B2)
6
@@4
2

Usual cooling for each common computing resource (CCR) cabinet is from   (B2)
@@The forward electronic equipment (E/E) cooling system
The common computing resource (CCR) cabinet fan and valve assembly
The aft electronic equipment (E/E) cooling system

The common computing resource (CCR) cabinet fan and valve assembly get power from ( B2)
the General Processing Module (GPM)
@@the power conditioning modules (PCM)
The Remote Power Distribution Unit (RPDU)

There are 2 startup modes for the CCS : (A, B2)
@@uninhibited and inhibited modes
unattended and attended modes
primary and secondary modes

The CCS will start in the inhibited mode under the following circumstances:(A, B2)
@@Airplane is in the air; Fuel cutoff switches are in not cutoff  position; No fuel cutoff switch data is available
Airplane on the ground; Fuel cutoff switches are in cutoff  position; one fuel cutoff switch data is available
Airplane is not in the air; one Fuel cutoff switche is in not cutoff  position; fuel cutoff switches data are available

Some components have a direct connection with the CDN ( do not connect to the RDCs). Where can you see the status of these connections: (B2)
@@The CDN LRU maintenance pages
The CCS/CDN status page
The CCS RDC'S maintenance pages

There are 3 CDN LRU maintenance pages, These pages show: (B2)
The status of the line replaceable units
@@The status of the interface connections
The status of components in the CCR

Can we dispath B787 with an inoperative Remote Data Concentrator (RDC)?(A, B2)
@@Yes, if An inoperative RDC installed into the RDC 19 position
Yes, If An inoperative RDC not installed into the RDC 19 position
No, due to the CCS RDCs are different and not interchangeable

Only power down one CCR cabinet at a time to : (B2)
@@keep a copy of the circuit breaker data in the other CCR cabinet intact
keep a copy of the ACMF fault history data in the other CCR cabinet
keep the airplane config data contend in  GPMs L1, L4 and R1 off CCR

Which modules in the CCR (Common Computing Resource) cabinet are not part of CCS (Common Core System) : (B2)
02 PCMs (Power Conditioning Module)
@@02 GGs (Graphics Generators)
02 FOX (Fiber Optic translator Module)

What is the function of FOX ?(B2)
@@Changing electrical data to fiber optic data and vice versa.
Contain application software and doing some aircraft data calculation.
Upgrade application software.

What kind of connection does the ACS (ARINC 664 network cabinet switch) have: (B2)
@@Electrical connection to GPMs and FOXs.
Electrical connection to GPMs and fiber optic connection to FOXs .
Electrical connection to GPMs and ARS.

How do the RDC channels connect to network switch channels ? : (B2)
@@RDC Channel A and B respectively connect to network switch channel A and B.
Each of RDC channel A and B connect to both network switch channel A and B.
Only RDC channel A connect to both network switch channel A and B.

How does the Cabin Service System Controller (CSSC) transmit Control data and digital audio signal ? (B2)
The signal from the CSSC go to each of the CZU (Cabin Zone Unit)s simultaneously and then back to the CSSC
@@The signal from the CSSC go to each of the CZU (Cabin Zone Unit)s in sequence and then back again to the CSSC
The signal from the CCR cabinet go to CSSC and go to each of the CZUs in sequence then back to the CCR cabinnet

If the CSSC (Cabin Service System Controller) fails; Cabin Ready, Cabin Alert and Cabin Call discrete signals will (B2)
@@go directly to the CDN through a RDC
go directly to the CDN  through a ACS
Can not go to the CDN through a RDC

The Orange LED (Light Emitting Diode) in front panel of CSSC (Cabin Service System Controller) is  (A, B2)
CSSC fault status monitor indication
CSSC power monitor indication
@@LAN (Local Area Network) monitor indication

The FDH (Flight Deck Handset) connects to Which CZU (Cabin Zone Unit) ? (A, B2)
Connect to CZU in all three  zone
@@Connect to CZU in the forward zone
Not Connect to any  Cabin Zone Unit

in Cabin Core Systems , how the PSM (Passenger Service Module)s in a zone connect? (B2)
@@usually connect together in left, right, and center columns; A termination connects to the last PSM in a column
usually connect together in left, right, and center seat row ; A termination connects to the last PSM in a seat row
usually connect to Cabin Zone Unit in sequence ; A termination connects to the last Passenger Service Module in a column

How to get access to the CLB (Cabin Logbook) screen ? (A, B2)
@@Get to Cabin Attendant Panel/ MAIN MENU/ CABIN APPLICATIONS
Get to Cabin Attendant Panel/ MAIN MENU/ MAINTENANCE
Get to Electronic Flight bag / MAIN MENU/ CABIN APPLICATIONS

How to return to the CAP (Cabin Attendant Panel) screen when have A pop-up window show? (A, B2)
You must push RETURN to remove a pop-up window
@@You must touch CLEAR to remove a pop-up window
You must clear the fault relate to a pop-up window

How the announcement priorities data arrange from the highest to lowest( stored in the speaker drive module): (A, B2)
Flight interphone announcement - Recorded digital audio - Handset announcement
Recorded digital audio - Flight interphone announcement - Handset announcement
@@Flight interphone announcement - Handset announcement – Recorded digital audio

The ground crew call horn on the right side in the nose wheel well will comes on when: (A, B2)
@@Equipment cooling failure  or ERS is on battery power
ENG fire  or  ERS is on External power
APU fire and Equipment cooling failure

The CSS (Cabin Service System) system test makes sure that the passenger-to-attendant call function of the CSS operates correctly, it includes: (A, B2)
@@CSS - All Test and Passenger-to-Attendant Call Test
Quick Test and All Test
CSS Quick Test and CSS Input/Output (I/O) Monitor test

Where is The CSSC(Cabin Service System controler) located ? (A, B2)
In the cabin Door 1L
@@on the E2-2 electronics equipment rack
on the E3-2 electronics equipment rack

What is necessary to be changed when the cabin configuration changes occur ? (B2)
The database of CZU (Cabin Zone Unit).
@@The database of CSSC(Cabin Service System controller).
The database of CAP (Cabin Attendant Panel).

Which component changes digital audio to analog signals that operate the cabin speakers ? (A, B2)
CSSC(Cabin Service System controller).
@@SDM(Speaker Drive Module).
CZU(Cabin Zone Unit).

What is the highest priority for the PA(Passenger Address) audio  ? (A, B2)
Recorded digital audio.
Attendant announcement using handset.
@@Flight crew announcements using ACP

When you use the FDH (Flight Deck Handset) to make the ground crew call, how does the data go to the CSSC (Cabin Service System controller) ? (A, B2)
The data goes through an RDC (Remote Data Concentrator) to the CDN (Common Data Network),then goes to CSSC(Cabin Service System controller).
@@The data goes to CSSC(Cabin Service System controller) through forward CZU(Cabin Zone Unit).
The data goes directly to the CDN (Common Data Network),then goes to CSSC(Cabin Service System controller).

During Do the BITE test of the IFES, on the SYSTEM SUMMARY screen, the indicator lights in the BITE Failure column are green and show a zero value mean: (A, B2)
@@LRU BITE passed
LRU BITE failure
LRU BITE in progress

How do the Reading light and attendant call inputs from passengers go to the CSSC (Cabin Service System Controller).(A, B2)
Go through the CDN (Common Data Network) to the CSSC
@@Go through the IFE (In-Flight Entertainment) system to the CSSC
Go through the CZU (Cabin Zone Unit)s  to the CSSC

Where is The DSU‐D4 (Digital Server Unit-D4 ) on the In-Flight Entertainment system located (A, B2)
@@On the E2 rack in the forward EE bay
On the E4 rack in the Aft EE bay
ON the IFE areas at Door 2L

Where is the location of the Seat Data Box (SDB) on the seat group.(A, B2)
On the last column in seat group
@@Changes with the seat manufacturer and the seat model
Always on the first seat in seat group

Scheduled maintenance tasks (SMT) show when: (B2)
Time limit occurs in a system
@@Time or cycle limit occurs in a system
Cycle limit occurs in a system

The Inbound flight deck effects page shows: (B2)
All existing flight deck effects
@@All correlated MMs stored in the present flight leg
Faults for the current flight leg

These are necessary to correlate a MM to a MO: (B2)
FDE and MM must be active or latched at the same time; FDE and MM must match on the CMCF FDE/MM table
Specific airplane systems send time interval data to CMCF, SMT and MM must match on the CMCF SMT/MM table
@@Fault tolerant airplane system has not generated a FDE, MO and MM must match on the CMCF MO/MM table

Correlated Maintenance Messages (MM) with the Maintenance Memo (MO) can show in main CMCF menu: (B2)
Existing Flight Deck Effects
Inbound flight deck effects
@@Present Leg Faults

The electronic flight bag (EFB) display unit (DU) gives you access to menu to do maintenance: (B2)
@@Document library (DOCUMENTS)
Airplane functions
Toolbox remote

How does The CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function) operate ?(A, B2)
One CMCF on ML and one CMCF can operates at a time
Maximum  three CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function) can operates at a time
@@Only one CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function) operates at a time

The CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function) menu and screens show on the component: (A, B2)
@@ML (Maintenance Laptop)
PFD (Primary Flight Display)
Head-up Display.

The CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function) has logic that uses P5 GND TEST selector switch position, the position are: (A, B2)
OFF, ENABLE, DATA LOAD/ENABLE
NORM, DATA LOAD, DATA LOAD/ENABLE
@@NORM, ENABLE, DATA LOAD/ENABLE

The CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function) is a software part off which component on CCR (Common Computing Resource) cabinets (A, B2)
GG (Graphic Generator)
PCM (Power Conditioning module)
@@GPM (General processor module)

How to load the CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function) application and/or LSAP (Loadable Software Airplane Part) to the correct GPM (General Processing Module)??(A, B2)
Use the OSM (Onboard Storage Management)
@@Use the ODLF (Onboard Data Load Function)
Use the SMT (Software Maintenance Tool)

Airplane is on the ground, flight leg transition is enabled, The CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function) transitions the present flight leg to previous flight leg when: (B2)
@@Engine starts or both engines are running and the last door transitions from open to closed.
Both engines are off and the last door transitions from open to closed.
One engines are running and the last door transitions from manual to auto.

What are the Non-correlated MM (Maintenance Message)s ? (A, B2)
MMs are those messages that relate to a FDE (Flight Deck Effect),or  MO (Maintenance Memo), or SMT (Scheduled Maintenance Task )?
@@MM s are those messages that do not relate to a FDE (Flight Deck Effect), or MO (Maintenance Memo), or SMT (Scheduled Maintenance Task)
MM (Maintenance Message)s that do not occur during a storable flight phase store in SRAM (Static Random Access Memory)

In the main CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function) menus, Where can you find the Non-correlated MM (Maintenance Message)s  (A, B2)
@@Present leg faults
Inbound flight deck effects
Existing Flight Deck Effects

Three activities of a MM (Maintenance Message) are : Active ,Latched, Not Active. The MM shows Not Active if  (A, B2)
System always monitors for faults and a fault is present
System finds a fault and does not continue to use the related equipment
@@System always monitors for a fault and a fault does not remain

CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function) shows an FDE (Flight Deck Effect) as one of these : Active ,Latched, Not Active. A latched FDE (Flight Deck Effect) is: (A, B2)
an FDE (Flight Deck Effect) that currently shows in the flight deck
@@a status message or a SMT (Scheduled Maintenance Task)
an FDE (Flight Deck Effect) that no longer shows on the flight deck

The conditions that cause the CMCF (Central Maintenance Computing Function) to change to Maintenance flight phases(MT) are: (A, B2)
Airplane is in the air and P5 GND TEST switch is in “ENABLE” or “DATA LOAD/ENABLE” position
The “DISABLE” is selected on the maintenance enable/disable dialog box of the CMCF display
@@The “ENGINE BALANCING” is selected on the CMCF display

One of software components necessary for the ACMF (Airplane Condition Monitoring Function) operation are: (A, B2)
LDI (Loadable Diagnostic Information) database
@@AMI (Airline Modifiable Information)
DFDAF (Digital Flight Data Acquisition Function) partition

To use the Onboard Data Load Function (ODLF) and the Ground Test function on the maintenance laptop, the type of Wireless Connection must be : (A, B2)
Wireless Initial Connection or Wired Connection
Wireless Limited Connection or Wired Connection
@@Wireless Full Connection or Wired Connection

How many Ethernet ports on the airplane for maintenance laptop connection? (A, B2)
@@Three: in  the flight deck, forward EE Bay, and aft EE Bay
Two : in  the flight deck and aft EE Bay
Three: in  the flight deck, Cabin, and APU compartment

How  many maximum number of connection that maintenance laptop can connect at the same time ? (A, B2)
Three for wireless connections, two for wired connections
@@Three for wired connections, four for wireless connections
Two for wired connections, One for wireless connections

Which devices can you use to install LSAP (Loadable Software Airplane Part) ?(A, B2)
Maintenance laptop with wireless Limited Connection
@@An Electronic Flight Bag Display Unit (EFB DU)
A Multi Function Display Display Unit (MFD DU)

How many Onboard Data Load Function (ODLF) session can operate at a time? (A, B2)
@@One ODLF session (one on ML or one on EFB)
Two ODLF session (one on ML and one on EFB
Three ODLF session (one on ML, one on Left EFB and one on Right EFB)

To select text on Central Maintenance Computing Function (CMCF) screens on a Multifunction Display (MFD), you can use: (A, B2)
CURSOR CONTROL on the Multifunction keypad (MFK)
@@The Cursor Control Device (CCD)
the ENTER switch on EFB Electronic Unit (EFB EU)

The engine balancing function of CMCF lets you balance an engine without engine ground-run, select The PERFORM BALANCE on The engine balancing main menu to: (A, B2)
@@Find where to Add and Remove weights from the engine
Make the Engine Monitor Unit calculate and change its balance data
Do Engine ground-run test after finishing Engine balance procedure

Where does the ACMF(Airplane Condition Monitoring Function) main menu show: (A, B2)
MFD(Multi Function Display) DU (Display Unit)
PFD (Primary Flight Display)
@@ML(Maintenance Laptop)

the core network cabinet is controlled by  (B1, B2)
core network system software in CCR
@@no controls for the core network cabinet
core network controller on FWD EE bay

Ethernet ports for a wired connection of the maintenance laptop (B1, B2)
connect directly to the common data network
connect directly to the open data network
@@connect directly to the isolated data network

Where is the captain side electronic flight bag (EFB) Electronic unit (DU) located (B1, B2)
in the flight deck on the side wall panels, outboard of the captain
@@in the forward EE bay at  E2-2 rack
in the flight deck behind the overhead panels

Push the XFR button on the captain electronic flight bag (EFB) display unit (DU)  to (B1, B2)
@@show the display from the first officer EFB DU
prevent the first officer EFB DU from showing the display
show the status message off airplane from captain EFB DU

SYSTEM FAULT LOG shows fault messages from the EFB that related to (B1, B2)
airplane system faults (core network system)
@@EFB faults only (not airplane system faults)
Restarting the EFB operational software is fault

The SYSTEM CONFIG function on the EFB MAINTENANCE page will show (B1, B2)
hardware and non-loadable software parts
all Aiplane LSAPs
@@all loadable EFB software parts

which type of video signal that the surveillance camera interface unit (SCIU) sends to the electronic flight bag system  (B1, B2)
analog
@@digital
fiber optic

Where are the EFB (Electronic Flight Bag)EU (Electronics Unit)s located? (A, B2)
in the Aft equipment center
@@in the forward equipment center
in the flight compartment

What are the EFB (Electronic Flight Bag) components in the flight compartment (A, B2)
@@02 Electronic Flight Bag Display Unit and one Terminal Wireless LAN Unit
02 Electronic Flight Bag Electronics Unit and one Terminal Wireless LAN Unit
02 Electronic Flight Bag Display Unit and two Cursor Control Device

How the EFB (Electronic Flight Bag) EU (Electronics Unit) controls the EFB (Electronic Flight Bag)DU (Display Unit) (A, B2)
@@Control its on-side DU
Control its off- side DU
One EFB EU controls two EFB DU, another is standby

Which condition below let the ACMF function on the EFB is available? (A, B2)
Airplane in Climb (CL) Flight Phase and below 10,000 feet altitude
Airplane in the air and below 10,000 feet altitude
@@Airplane on ground or airplane above 10,000 feet altitude

Which condition below let  the Onboard Data Load Function (ODLF) function on the EFB is available (A, B2)
Airplane in the air and below 10,000 feet altitude
@@Airplane on the ground
Airplane in the air

Which component controls the CSM (Controller Server Module) in Core Network System ?(A, B2)
The software in CCR (Common Computing Resource) cabinet
The CIS (Crew Information System)/MS (Maintenance System) file server module
@@There are no controls for the CSM (Controller Server Module)

Which component in Core Network System have LED on it to shows the power and status of the controller server module (A, B2)
Air blocking module
@@NIM (Network Interface Module)
EGM (Ethernet Gateway Module)

How many CWLU (Crew Wireless LAN Unit) antennas are installed on the airplane? (A, B2)
@@5 CWLU (Crew Wireless LAN Unit) antennas
4 CWLU (Crew Wireless LAN Unit) antennas
1 CWLU (Crew Wireless LAN Unit) antennas

The Wireless network antenna on the top of the fuselage over the flight compartment is the: (A, B2)
Crew Wireless LAN Unit antenna
@@Terminal Wireless LAN Unit antenna
Satcom antenna

To delete  EFB Electronic (EU) software by EFB Display Unit (DU), How to make sure The EFB (Electronic Flight Bag) received on-ground status? (A, B2)
@@The LOAD MODE button is shown with gray background and white letters on the DU's screen
The LOAD MODE button is shown black background with cyan letters and border on DU's screen
The DELETE LSAP is shown with gray background and white letters on the DU's screen

Where is the Core Network Cabinet located ?(A, B2)
On the E3 equipment rack in the aft electronic equipment center
@@On the E1 equipment rack in the forward electronic equipment center
On the E2 equipment rack in the forward electronic equipment center

Where are the wired connection points for connecting ML(maintenance laptop) to the airplane? (A, B2)
Flight deck ethernet port between the observers seats
Forward electronic equipment (EE) bay ethernet port and Aft EE bay Ethernet port.
@@Flight deck ethernet port between the observers seats; Forward and Aft electronic equipment (EE) bay ethernet port.

Which of the following statements is TRUE: (A, B1, B2)
The NGS operates automatically with PACK control switch in ON position.
@@The NGS operates automatically with no flight deck control interface.
The NGS operates manually on ground and automatically during flight.

Which air source does NGS use to make Nitrogen Enriched Air (NEA)? (A, B1, B2)
@@Cabin air from an inlet duct under the floor of the forward cargo compartment.
Conditioned air outlet of Environmental Control System PACK.
Compressed air directly from Cabin Air Compressor (CAC).

NGS pack is located: (A, B1, B2)
In RH MLG wheel well.
In Aft cargo compartment.
@@Below the right forward wing-to-body fairing.

Regarding power supply to NGS: (A, B1, B2)
The NGS has the highest priority if power is necessary for other systems.
@@The NGS has the lowest priority if power is necessary for other systems.
The Motor Driven Compressor can get 235v ac from only one common motor start controllers (CMSC).

Cooling air used for the NGS heat exchanger is taken from: (A, B1, B2)
The environmental control system (ECS) ram air inlet only.
@@The environmental control system (ECS) ram air inlet or the Ground Cooling Valve.
The environmental control system (ECS) ram air inlet or the Cabin Air Compressor.

Which of the following is the correct operation of the Ground Cooling Valve? (A, B1, B2)
@@The valve is set open when the NGS is in operation and the airplane is on the ground.
The valve is set open when the airplane is in the air.
The valve is set open when the NGS is in operation and the airplane is in the air.

The purpose of NGS drain valve is: (A, B1, B2)
@@To give an inspection access for fuel in the distribution system manifold.
To give an inspection access for nitrogen in the distribution system manifold
To give an inspection access for oxygen in the distribution system manifold

Which of the following statements is TRUE: (A, B1, B2)
There are 02 isolation valve body and driveshaft in NGS, their access is through fuel tank access panels.
@@There is an isolation valve body and driveshaft in each fuel tank, their access is through fuel tank access panels.
There is an isolation valve body and driveshaft in each fuel tank, their access is on the front spar.

Nitrogen Enriched Air (NEA) is circulated in the center tank by: (A, B1, B2)
@@The center tank jet pump ejector - the vent action draws the mixture of NEA and vent air across the center tank to the left center tank vent
The center tank jet pump ejector - the vent action circulate NEA only to the left center tank vent
@@The center tank jet pump ejector – the vent action blows NEA thru the piccolo tubes the center tank

What are the components for the structural thermal protection system in and around the nitrogen generation system (NGS) pack? (A, B1, B2)
Pack bay temperature sensor, Overheat detection temperature sensors.
Pack bay temperature sensor, Overheat detection temperature sensors.
@@Pack bay temperature sensor, overheat detection temperature sensors, insulation blankets.

If start APU with battery, the APU battery powers: (B1, B2)
APU fire detection system and DC fuel pump
@@APU controller (APUC), and APU Inlet door actuator
APU controller (APUC), and DC fuel pump

What will be the result if three or more engine generators go off line in flight? (B1, B2)
The EICAS Advisory Message APU START is displayed and the APU must be started manually
The APU starts when the selector is rotated to the ON position
@@The APU automatically starts, regardless of APU selector position

If an engine is running or forward external power is selected ON which APU starter/generator is used for APU start? (B1, B2)
@@Either the left or right starter/generator
The left starter/generator
Both APU starter/generators

Which statement about the The APU start duty cycle for the common motor start controller is correct? (A, B1, B2)
You can do the second APU start after five minutes if the APU did not start the first time
@@You can do the third APU start after three minutes if the APU did not start the second time
You can do the APU start three times maximum

What events must precede before setting the APU selector switch to the START position? (A, B1, B2)
@@The left common computing resource (CCR) cabinet energizes and APU controller is energized
The APU air inlet door reaches the full open position
The spar valve opens and the APU inlet door opens

What EICAS memo message is displayed when the APU is running and ready to power the airplane? (A, B1, B2)
@@APU RUNNING
APU ON
APU LIMIT

The APUC monitors the sensor for correct operation. If the oil temperature sensor is defective: (B1, B2)
You can not start APU
@@During the APU starts, the APUC sends a signal to energize the oil pump de-prime valve to go open, no oil goes to the supply oil pump element.
After the APU starts, the de-prime valve opens, no oil goes to the supply oil pump element

Can the speed of the APU change? (B1, B2)
The APU speed can not change
The APU speed can change only when airplane is in the air
@@The APU speed changes when the ambient temperature changes

The APUC uses APU and airplane signal  data to give the fuel flow necessary to keep a correct shaft speed. The correct engine speed keeps: (B1, B2)
@@The ASG frequency in the range of 380 to 440 Hz (Hertz)
The APU speed in range
The EGT in range

Which component does the BPCU make a selection of during an APU start? (B1, B2)
CMSC
ASG
@@CMSC and ASG

The APU is operating in the attended mode. Low oil pressure or high EGT is detected. What happen? (B1, B2)
@@The caution message shows on EICAS.  The APU must be manually shut down.
That cause an APU automatic shutdown
APU operates normally till oil press and EGT are more than the limits

The purpose of the APU PMG is to? (B2)
Supply power for APU controller
@@Supply power for fuel module
Supply power for A/C electrical system.

In Unattended mode. What happen if APU HIGH OIL TEMPERATURE occur? (B1, B2)
@@APU auto shutdown
The APU must be manually shut down
The caution message shows on EICAS

Which statement about APU oil quantity is not correct? (A, B1, B2)
The EICAS status message APU OIL QUANTITY shows you can operate the APU for 26 hours
If the APU gearbox has less than 1.7 qt of oil during the APU ON mode, the APU will have a low oil pressure (LOP) shutdown.
@@The EICAS status message APU OIL QUANTITY shows if the APU gearbox has less than 3.75 qt of oil and the APU is in the attended mode

What is the purpose of cargo compartment decompression panels? (B1, B2)
To ensure equal air pressure between passenger compartment and cargo compartment
@@To protect from structural failure due to sudden high pressure difference between the cabin and cargo compartments
To provide more strength for cargo compartment panels

Inside the cargo compartments, the decompression panels are installed in (B1, B2)
@@The ceilings, sidewalls and end-walls
Floor panels
Sidewall panels only

Doors, and Windows, page 292 of 798.
What materials are the decompression panels made of?(B1, B2)
@@Fiberglass or composite honeycomb.
Aluminum
Carbon sandwich

Doors, and Windows, page 292 of 798.
How many types of the decompression panels?(B1, B2)
Inside and outside
@@Inboard and outboard
Left side and right-side

Doors, and Windows, page 293 of 798.
If fiberglass liners have cuts, tears or holes in specified limit. (B1, B2)
@@Liners shall be removed for repair in work shop or can be repaired by special patch kits on wing
The cargo compartment is carried normally
The cargo compartment is not carried Fly away kits, ballast

What prevents unwanted movement of a ULD in the roller tray area? (B1, B2)
Braking casters
@@Spring lift power driver units (PDU) and brake
Self-lift power driver units (PDU)

Where are the Self-lift power driver units (PDU) located? (B1, B2)
On the Roller trays in Forward and Aft Cargo Compartment
@@In the ball panel area
In the Forward Cargo Compartment only

How many Cargo Maintenance Display Units are there in B787? (A, B2)
Two, in the Forward Electronic Equipment Bay and in the Aft Electronic Equipment Bay
@@Two, one in the forward cargo compartment door cut out, other in the aft cargo compartment door cut out
One, in the forward cargo compartment

The cargo handling system gets power for control from? (A, B2)
@@Ground handling bus
Ground service bus
Ground utility bus

To do an operation test of the cargo Power Drive Unit (PDU): (B1, B2)
@@Use the cargo control joy stick
Use the Maintenance Laptop
Use the Electronic Flight Bag (EFB)

Which component lets the containers and pallets go into the cargo compartment with correct alignment with the ball mats and without damage? (B1, B2)
@@Doorway entrance guides
Center stop assembly
Center guides

What component controls the PDU?(B1, B2)
@@Main control panel , cargo maintenance display unit
Main control panel, cargo door control panel
Cargo maintenance display unit

The cargo maintenance display unit gets power from?(A, B2)
@@28v dc from the left and right airplane electrical buses and main control panel
115v ac from the left and right airplane electrical buses and main control panel
28v dc from RPDU

Where is the software of cargo handling system located?(B1, B2)
Main control panel
@@Cargo maintenance display unit
CCR

How many system trays are in the ceiling panel of the cargo compartments? (B1, B2)
1
@@2
3

Approximately, how many percentage of composite material does 787 have? (A, B1, B2)
20%.
40%.
@@60%.

Which of the following is NOT the advantage of composite material? (A, B1, B2)
Composites do not corrode.
@@Under normal operating conditions, cracks grows faster in composites than they do in metal.
Composites are generally lighter than metal structure.

There are two types of composite structure: (A, B1, B2)
@@Sandwich and Solid Laminate.
Sandwich and Honeycomb.
Solid Laminate and Tape.

For a composite part of solid laminate construction, the toolside is the: (A, B1, B2)
Side adjacent to the bag when the part is being cure.
@@Smooth side.
Rough side.

The Passenger Entry Doors (PED) have slide-raft attached in order to: (A, B1, B2)
@@Emergency egress
Manual deploy
Airplane landing on ocean when emergency

Which of the following statements is TRUE: (A, B1, B2)
EPAS contains a battery which is used for squib discharge power.
EPAS contains a capacitor - stores squib discharge power for 24 hours after loss of airplane power.
@@EPAS contains a capacitor - stores squib discharge power for up to 1 hour after loss of airplane power.

Which of the flight compartment window can be opened? (A, B1, B2)
No1 window
No2 window.
@@No window.

How are the flight compartment windows installed on the aircraft? (A, B1, B2)
From sliding tracks.
@@From outside.
From inside.

Where are the Window Heat Protection Units located? (A, B1, B2)
Aft of No1 windows.
Aft of No3 windows.
@@Aft of No2 windows.

STANDARD PRACTICE - WIRING
How to do a check on a fiber-optic cable for light loss: (B1, B2)
Visual check
Using flash flight
@@using an Optical Time Domain Ref: lactometer (OTDR) or an Optical Power Meter (OPM)

What is Warning when work with fiber optic cable : (B1, B2)
@@Do not look into the end of a fiber optic cable.
Do not pull or twist the fiber optic cable.
Do not bend the fiber optic cable more than minimum

How many cleaning procedures for fiber optic : (B1, B2)
Two
Three
@@Four

How many types of damages of fiber optic end face: (B1, B2)
Two
@@Three
Four

How many types of unwanted materials of fiber optic end face : (B1, B2)
Two
@@Three
Four

How many level of material temperature grades: (B1, B2)
Two
Three
@@Four

How many material classes : (B1, B2)
@@Two
Three
Four

What meaning of last digit number of wire part number data : (B1, B2)
@@Color code
Gauge
Type

Functions of a Shielded cable is : (B1, B2)
@@Do not let high intensity radio frequency (HIRF) energy from the different radio sources
Protect from hot condition
Protect from erosion

How to store the ESD devices: (B1, B2)
@@Conductive bag
Transparent Bag
Paper bag

When remove the Printed Wiring board: (B1, B2)
@@Use wrist strap
Use specific tool
Only by hand

If a fiber optic cable does not move freely during installation: (A, B2)
hold the cable by the connector to gently pull it into place
@@do not try to pull or push the cable.
hold the cable to gently pull it into place

How to align the keys of the plug with the keyways of the receptacle, during fiber optic connector installation? (A, B2)
Turn fiber optic plug
@@Do not turn plug more than a half turn in either direction
Do not turn plug

If a plastic tie strap is assembled on a harness that has a BACC69A() fiber optic cable?: (B2)
do not use plastic tie strap
@@cable must be protected by two to four layers of Scotch 70 tape at the location of the plastic tie strap
discard and use lacing tape ties

what do you do after a fiber optic cable assembly is replaced: (A, B2)
nothing
@@make an inspection of the continuity of the fiber optic segments.
make an inspection of the light loss level of the fiber optic segments

The minimum bend radius for a single wire or a single cable is: (A, B2)
@@ten times the diameter of the wire or the cable
the larger value of 1.5 inches the diameter of the wire or the cable
six times the diameter of the wire or the cable

What should be done to the fiber optic cables before you do a light loss test? (A, B2)
Nothing
@@Examine the fiber-optic connectors for damage and contamination.
Set the reference level to 0.00 dB in accordance with the operating instructions for the light power meter

Which CB (Circuit Breaker) is known as a “tripped” circuit breaker : (A, B2)
The CB  that opens because of maintenace procedure
@@The CB  that opens because of an electrical overload
The CB  that opens because of the related system is deactivated

What is the requirement of the vacuum cleaner used to to remove combustible material around wiring ?: (B2)
There is no specific requirement.
The vacuum cleaner head must be made of plastic.
@@The vacuum cleaner head should be made of plastic or non-conductive material.

What is the purpose of Cycling Thermal Circuit Breakers?: (B2)
@@Cycling of less frequently used circuit breakers can help to improve operational system reliability.
Cycling of frequently used circuit breakers can help to prevent them from not opening when an electrical fault occurs.
Cycling of less frequently used or frequently used circuit breakers can help to improve operational system reliability but depends on the airline operation.

What is the most common cause of wire bundle and wire component degradation: (A, B2)
Paint.
@@Hydraulic fluid.
Cleaning agents.

