Q1. The main purpose of weighing aircraft is:
@@Calculate the position of the center of gravity
Calculate of aircraft weight
Know the aircraft weight for passenger loading

Q2. When weighing the aircraft to find the operating empty weight of the aircraft
All the fire extinguishers, oxygen masks and safety belts must be removed
@@Engine, APU, IDG oil must refill to necessary level.
Engine, APU, IDG oil must be empty
Hydraulic fluid must be empty

Q3. Can you do the aircraft weighing and balancing to calculate the center of gravity with:
All tools and protection devices on the aircraft
@@The shock absorbers and the tires deflated
The doors of aft and forward cargo compartments are opened
Slats and flaps in fully extended position.

Q4. Configuration for aircraft WEIGHING to find the operating empty weight:
All the fire extinguishers, oxygen masks and safety belts must be removed
@@All tools and protection devices on the aircraft must be removed
Empty all of Engine, APU, IDG oil.
All above.

Q5. When Lifting the AIRCRAFT for leveling
You must not lift the aircraft with the safety stay.
The weight of fuel is applied equally on the two side of the aircraft centerline
Make sure that the aircraft is stable before you lift it with jacks
@@All above

Q6. When Lifting the aircraft
All the doors must be closed and locked.
Passenger/crew door may be fully opened and locked but the cargo doors must be closed and locked.
@@The passenger/crew doors, the emergency exits and the cargo doors are closed and locked or fully open and locked.
No requirement.

Q7. You can weigh the aircraft with:
The aircraft on jacks only
The aircraft on its wheels only
The aircraft on landing gear jacks only
@@The aircraft on jacks or the aircraft on its wheels or the aircraft on landing gear jacks

Q8. When Weighing the aircraft on jacks
The aircraft must have a pitch attitude of zero deg.
You can do this procedure with load cells on each jack or with platform scales under each jack
Make the aircraft leveling after jack up.
@@All Above

Q9. When leveling the aircraft you must:
@@Operate the jacks of the aircraft to move the bubble to the D4 position
Operate the jacks of the aircraft to move the bubble to the E4 position
Operate the jacks of the aircraft to move the bubble to the D5 position
Operate the jacks of the aircraft to move the bubble to the E5 position

Q10. For aircraft Quick Leveling you can use
The ADIRU or the Attitude Monitor
A Spirit Level in the Passenger Compartment
A Spirit Level in the FWD Cargo Compartment
@@All above
