Q1. Smoke hoods are supplied for the cabin attendants to:
Supply oxygen for passengers.
@@Fight a fire or against emission of smoke or noxious gases.
Breathe oxygen.

Q2. Where are the cabin depressurization doors mounted?
On the upper sidewall panels
On the ceiling panels
@@On the lower sidewall panels

Q3. From where the escape slide inflation cylinder is checked?
From the cargo compartment only.
From the PTP only.
@@From the cargo compartment or from the PTP.

Q4. Which device has to be unlocked before closing the slide window?
@@A locking pin on the sliding window frame.
The sliding window operating handle.
None.

Q5. Which cabin panels are removable?
Lower sidewall panels only.
@@All the panels.
Upper sidewall panels only.

Q6. Where are passenger oxygen masks stored?
@@In the passenger service unit
In the seat arm rest
In the overhead stowage compartment

Q7. Where are the A320 aircraft inflation reservoirs of the escape slide of emergency exit door located?
In the container at the bottom of the door
In the overhead stowage compartment over the door
@@In the aft cargo compartment

Q8. When you check the pax door escape/slide inflation cylinder, where must the pressure indication be?
@@In the green GO band
In the red band
At zero.

Q9. In the cargo compartment where are the rapid decompression panels installed?
In the cut out of the ceiling panels
In the fixed partition walls

Q10. The cargo loading control box being supplied, which latch insures the energization of the pdus?
The door sill latch
@@The ZX-single latch 32.
The fixed YZ latch.

Q11. Captain and First Officer Seats are:
@@Symmetrical and have the same function
Asymmetrical and have the same function
Have the same function and interchangeable.
Folding type and has no adjustment

Q12. Captain and First Officer Seats electrical control system permits
@@Control the seats in vertical and horizontal direction
Control the seats in vertical and horizontal direction and adjust the backrest
Control the seats in vertical and horizontal direction and adjust the lumbar rest
All above

Q13. The rapid-decompression safety-system is installed in the aircraft
@@Prevents structural damage to the fuselage and damage to the equipment and furnishings
Provides quick escape facility of the aircraft
Provides quick access to aircraft area.
Prevents overpressure to aircraft area

Q14. Where is the inflation cylinder of the passenger door escape slide located?
@@In a container at the bottom of the door.
In the overhead stowage compartment over the door.
In the aft cargo compartment.
In the fwd cargo compartment.

Q15. The A320 aircraft is fitted with emergency evacuation slide at:
The 4 entry doors.
The overwing exits
@@The 4 entry doors and the overwing exits

Q16. The sidestick armrest of Captain and First Officer seats
Possible to lift it vertically and stow it behind the backrest
Located on the inboard side of the seat
@@Possible to adjust the height and the tilt angle of the side stick armrest
Can not fold back to a vertical position

Q17. Third Occupant seat in the cockpit
@@Can slide along the Y-axis to take up a position on the aircraft centerline
Have longitudinal adjustment
Can moves longitudinally and vertically
Attached to the left rear panel in the cockpit

Q18. The passenger seats
Seat pans are upholstered and not foldable or adjustable
Can fold the inner armrests between the backrests
Upholstered backrest assembly of each seat may be adjusted
@@All above

Q19. The Passenger Service/Information Units (psius)
Has two primary units: Passenger Service Unit (PSU) and Passenger Information Unit (PIU)
The Passenger Service Unit (PSU), installed above each seat row
The Passenger Information Unit (PIU), installed above each second seat row
@@All above

Q20. The aircraft galley has two optional configurations: wet galley and dry galley
@@Wet galley has electrical equipment, a potable water supply and waste water equipment.
Wet galley has a potable water supply only
Wet galley has no system supplies
Wet galley has electrical supply
