Q1. In the passenger oxygen system, a chemical oxygen generator, once activated, delivers Oxygen for:
30 minutes, if only one mask is in use
5 minutes, if all masks are used
@@13 minutes, regardless of the number of the masks used

Q2. An oxygen generator starts to make oxygen when:
The panel is opened.
@@The lanyard is pulled.
The MAN OVRD pushbutton on the passenger oxygen control panel is operated.
When the cabin pressure altitude is above 14.000ft.

Q3. Masks are supplied with undiluted Oxygen on demand if the cabin altitude rises above 14.000 ft, passenger oxygen masks will drop out?
Only by actuation of a switch on the captain panel
Automatically by the cabin pressure and/or cabin attendant action
@@Automatically by the cabin pressure and/or flight crew action

Q4. How do the time delay relays control the Pax. System automatic operation
@@They cut off electrical supply after 30 seconds
They supply the system for 3 seconds
They supply the system after 30 seconds

Q5. How is the passenger chemical generator activated?
By pushing the MASK MAN ON pushbutton.
As soon as the ALTITUDE PRESSURE SWITCH is closed.
When the TIME DELAY RELAY is fully energized.
@@By a release pin which is connected via a lanyard to the oxygen mask

Q6. What is indicated when the white "SYS ON" light (Panel 21 VU) on the passenger oxygen system is illuminated?
The chemical oxygen generators are activated

Q7. The aircraft oxygen system has:
@@A separate crew and pax system
For the crew a H.P. and a L.P. system
2 (each) crew cylinders
Both "A" and "B"

Q8. When the passenger oxygen masks have been deployed automatically:
To reset the system provisions are available at the oxygen generators
The crew will automatically receive oxygen at the same time
@@The timer relay is reset by its pushbutton on panel 50 VU
The system is reset when pax masks are stowed and the panels latched closed

Q9. The crew oxygen system consists of:
A fixed high pressure cylinder.
A high pressure portable cylinder
@@A fixed cylinder with masks and a breathing hood system

Q10. Can the crew oxygen cylinder pressure be checked when there is no electrical power?
@@Yes
No

Q11. What indicates an overboard discharge?
A warning on the oxygen control panel 21VU.
The direct reading pressure gauge on the oxygen cylinder.
@@A yellow indicator.

Q12. What happen when the 100% position is selected on crew oxygen masks?
The user breathes filtered cabin air
The user breathes pure oxygen at a permanent positive pressure.
@@The user breathes pure oxygen

Q13. What is the "reset TEST SLIDER" of crew oxygen system used for?
To control mask oxygen inlet.
To prevent oxygen inlet to mask.
@@To control oxygen supply during tests and mask operation.

Q14. The TMR reset fault light comes on if?
The reset operation is not yet completed.
The reset operation has failed
@@The time delay relays has failed during the automatic operation.

Q15. What is the function of the hood absorption system of the smoke hood?
To add oxygen to the expired gas.

Q16. A manual ON/OFF valve of flight crew Oxygen Cylinder is used:
@@During the replacement of the cylinder and to isolate the cylinder if there is a leak in the oxygen system.
Allow flight crew to adjust the air flow into the masks.
To reduce the air pressure from high pressure to low pressure

Q17. A direct-reading pressure gage of flight crew Oxygen Cylinder:
Provide direct indication of the cylinder high-pressure to flight crew during flight.
@@Independent of the open or closed position of the manual ON/OFF valve.
Ground engineer must check oxygen pressure through direct-reading pressure gage before dispatch the aircraft.

Q18. Low-Pressure Supply Valve of flight crew Oxygen system
@@Installed between the pressure regulator/transmitter and the distribution manifold
Installed between the distribution manifold and the masks
Installed between the high pressure cylinder and the pressure regulator/transmitter.

Q19. Low-Pressure Supply Valve of flight crew Oxygen system is:
A manual ON/OFF valve and can control from avionic compartment.
@@A solenoid valve and can control from the control panel in the cockpit.
A manual ON/OFF valve and can control from the control panel in the cockpit.

Q20. A warning signal "REGUL LO PR" appears on the ECAM when:
@@Pressure of the distribution manifold decreases to 50 ± 5 psi.
Pressure of Crew Oxygen Cylinder decreases to 1000 ± 5 psi
Pressure of Crew Oxygen Cylinder decreases to 1450 ± 5 psi
When doing the test of Crew Oxygen mask

Q21. Oxygen pressure in the cylinder is indicated On the lower ECAM DU (display Unit)
@@An amber half frame appears when the oxygen pressure is lower than 1500 psi
Gives an indication to the maintenance personnel when filling the oxygen cylinder
An amber indication on the DOOR/OXY page with pressure from 0 to 1450 psi
An green indication on the DOOR/OXY page with pressure from 50 to 1850 psi

Q22. Oxygen masks drop out for the passenger and the cabin attendant when
The cabin pressure decreases to a pressure equivalent of 14000 +0 -500 ft
The cabin pressure decreases between 8000 ft and 14000 ft
The cabin pressure decreases below 8000 ft or pilot operates the 'MASK MAN ON' pushbutton switch
@@The cabin pressure decreases to a pressure equivalent of 14000 +0 -500 ft or pilot operates the 'MASK MAN ON' pushbutton switch

Q23. When the Pax. Oxygen masks have been deployed automatically:
@@The SYS ON indicator light will go off when the TMR RESET pushbutton switch is pushed.
The FAULT indicator light comes on 30s after the start of the system operation
The SYS ON indicator light comes on for 30s
You must press the MASK MAN ON pushbutton switch to allow the chemical oxygen generator supply oxygen to the masks
