1. Wing spoilers, when used asymmetrically, are associated with.
@@Ailerons
Rudder
Elevators

2. If an aircraft is yawing to the left, where would you position the trim tab on the rudder?
To the centre
To the right
@@To the left

3. If an aircraft is flying with a left wing low, where would you move the left aileron trim tab?
Down
@@Up
Moving the aileron trim tab will not correct the situation

4. When a leading edge flap is fully extended, what is the slot in the wing for?
To allow the flap to retract into it when it retracts
@@To re-energise the boundary layer
To increase the lift

5. An aircraft left wing is flying low. The aileron trimmer control to the left aileron trim tab in the cockpit would be.
Moved up causing the left aileron to move up.
@@Moved up causing the left aileron to move down.
Moved down causing the left aileron to move down.

6. The purpose of a slot in a wing is to.
Speed up the airflow and increase lift.
@@Act as venturi, accelerate the air and re-energise boundary layer.
Provide housing for the slat.

7. Large flap deployment.
Has no effect on spanwise flow.
Causes increased spanwise flow towards tips on wing upper surface.
@@Causes increased spanwise flow towards tips on wing lower surface.

8. To ensure that a wing stalls at the root first, stall wedges are.
Installed at the wing trailing edge at the wing root.
Installed at the wing trailing edge at the wing root.
@@Installed on the wing leading edge at the wing root.

9. Ailerons control the aircraft in the.
Longitudinal plane.
Directional plane.
@@Lateral plane.

10. An anti-balance tab is used.
For trimming the aircraft.
@@To give more feel to the controls.
To relieve stick loads.

11. If the aircraft is flying nose heavy, which direction would you move the elevator trim tab?.
Up to move elevator up.
@@Down to move elevator up.
Up to move elevator down.

1. Zone 320 under the ATA system is.
Horizontal stabiliser.
@@Vertical stabiliser.
Central fuselage.

2.  How is damage to the nose cone of an aircraft prevented during a lightning strike?
Earthing Strap.
@@Bonding Strip.
Special paint.

3. Tension is the stress of.
@@Elongating or stretch.
Crush or compression.
Twisting.

4. A Fuselage Station is a.
Lateral point on aircraft wing.
Lateral point on aircraft fuse.
@@Longitudinal point on the aircraft fuselage.

5. ATA Zone 100 is.
Upper fuselage.
Left-hand wing.
@@Lower fuselage.

6. Which of the following is an example of a failsafe structure?
Longeron
Spar
@@Stringer

7. In semi-monocoque construction, compression loads are taken by.
@@Stringers
Bulkheads
Frames

8. A structural member intended to resist compression is a.
Tie
@@Strut
Web

9. Stringers are used in which of the following types of aircraft fuselage construction?
@@Semi-monocoque.
Truss type.
Monocoque.

10. What material can be chromated as a protection against corrosion?
Aluminum alloys.
@@Magnesium alloys.
Ferrous alloys.

11. Sealant or levelling compound is installed during structure repair:
@@According to AMM and SRM chapter 51.
According to SB instructions.
According to separate manufacturer's documentations such as BAC.

1. In pressurized aircraft, undercarriage bays.
@@Are unpressurised
May be pressurized or unpressurised.
Are pressurized

2. The main longitudinal members in a fuselage are called.
Frames
@@Longerons
Spars

3. Windshields are heated to.
Maintain strength and toughness only.
Prevent misting and icing only.
@@Demist, ant-ice and maintain strength and toughness

4. If heat is applied to the vinyl interlayer of an aircraft windscreen, its ability to withstand impact will.
@@Increase
Decrease
Not change

5. A plug type window is fitted.
From the outside
From either side
@@From the inside

6. Passenger cabin seat rails form part of the.
Frames
Stringers
@@Longerons

7. Wing bending and shear loads are taken by.
Spar cap
Skin
@@Main spar

8. On a mono-spar wing, what gives the wing its profile contour?
Milled stringers.
The position of the spars.
@@Ribs.

1. In a Bleed Air air-conditioning system, the warm air supply is provided by.
@@The compressor of the gas turbine engine
The gas turbine exhaust.
The engine exhaust heat.

2. In most pressurization systems, the amount of compressed air delivered to the cabin is.
@@Reasonably constant irrespective of altitude
Constant at any particular altitude but varies for different altitudes.
Variable, depending on the amount selected by the cabin rate of change selector.

3. The purpose of a mass flow controller is to.
@@Ensure that a constant mass of air is delivered to cabin at all times
Allow pilot to select the desired cabin altitude.
Ensure the cabin altitude remains constant during cruise at all altitudes.

4. A refrigerant is used in which of the following?
Air cycle machine
Pneumatic pump
@@Vapour cycle

5. A water separator is located.
Upstream of the turbine.
Downstream of heat exchanger.
@@Downstream of turbine.

6. Air conditioning systems.
Decrease the temperature of air.
Increase and decrease the temperature of air.
@@Increase the temperature of air.

7. An air cycle machine turbine.
@@Drives compressor to increase temperature.
Drives compressor to pressurise aircraft.
Drives compressor to decrease temperature.

8. An air-to-air heat exchanger is provided to.
@@Reduce the air supply temperature.
Provide an emergency ram air supply.
Increase the air supply temperature.

9. Temperature control of cabin air is achieved by.
Controlling the water vapour in the supply.
Varying the ambient airflow to the heat exchanger.
@@Regulating the amount of air by-passing the cooling system.

10. In pressurized aircraft, temperature conditioning is mainly achieved by.
Varying cabin pressure.
@@Extracting heat from the pressurising air.
Adding heat to the pressurising air.

11. A cold air unit produces a drop in temperature by.
@@Reducing pressure and driving the units compressor.
Driving the units compressor.
Reducing pressure.

12. Heating for pressure cabins is obtained from.
Heating for pressure cabins is obtained from.
@@Air supply heated by the pressurising process.
Driving the units compressor.

13. A cold air unit produces a drop in temperature by.
Directing compressed air into a heat exchanger.
Air supply to the cabin.
@@Expanding hot air across a turbine which is driving a compressor.

14. In a turbo fan cold air system, the heat exchanger cooling air is.
@@Ram air from ambient conditions
Air bled directly from engine or through blower
Bled from cabin air supply duct

15. Conditioned air is.
Oxygen added
Moisture removed
@@Temperature and pressure adjusted

16. An aircraft cabin is air conditioned and pressurized in order to.
@@Maintain human efficiency and comfort during flights at high altitudes.
Ensure that the air density within the cabin is maintained at a lower figure than outside the cabin in order to prevent moisture precipitation during rapid decompression.
Ensure that the pressure within the fuselage is always less than the ambient pressure, thus increasing the fatigue life of the fuselage.

17. In the case of a vapour cycle cooling, system heat is removed from the charge air by.
Reducing the pressure of a vapour.
Changing a vapour into a liquid.
@@Changing a liquid into a vapour.

18. The heat exchanger in a turbo-fan system is cooled by.
Engine bleed air or blower air.
Air bled from the main cabin supply duct.
@@Ambient ram air.

19. The effective temperature of a cabin is given by.
Temperature, humidity, thermal inertia and heat load.
Temperature only.
@@Temperature and humidity.

20. When dissipating heat in a vapour cycle system
@@Vapour converts to a liquid
The liquid sublimates
Liquid converts to a vapour

21. As an aircraft descends from cruising altitude (34,000ft), the cabin altitude must?
@@Decrease
Increase
Stay the same

22. The basic system of cabin pressurisation is to arrange a constant.
Inlet and outlet
@@Inlet and vary the outlet
Outlet and vary the inlet

23. On touch-down of aircraft
The outflow valve will be shut
The cabin pressure will be zero
@@The outflow valve will be fully open

24. In the flightdeck of a pressurised aircraft, there is a gauge that shows?
Cabin pressure altitude
Aircraft altitude
@@Cabin differential pressure

25. Cabin differential pressure is the pressure difference between ?
8,000ft and standard barometric pressure
Sea level air pressure and indicated dynamic pressure in the cabin
@@The pressure inside the aircraft and the ambient air pressure

26. Cabin pressure is maintained by
Controlling the supply of air to the cabin
Controlling the output of the compressor
@@Controlling the amount of air discharged from the cabin

Avionic Systems (ATA 22, 23, 34)
1. What are the main areas of the autopilot?
Error, correction, demand, resolved.
Error, correction, follow up, demand.

Error, correction, follow up, command
2. Autopilot, when on approach to landing, how many axis are used?
2
4

3
3. A Yaw Damper is:
An elevator augmentor
@@A rudder damper designed to avoid the "Dutch roll"

A roll trim tab
4. An Automatic Flight Control System receives inputs from the following ground based transmitters.
DME, ILS, ADF
@@VOR, ILS

RA, ADF, ILS
5. A yaw damper receives error signals from:
@@the turn coordinator rate gyro
Vertical gyros

Directional gyros
6. Pilot's instinctive cut-out buttons are positioned.
on right side of control wheel
@@on side of control wheel furthest from throttles

on left side of control wheel
7. Inputs to the rudder channels initially originate from:
Compass gyro and gyro for AH
AH gyro and turn and slip gyro

Compass gyro and turn and slip gyro
8. An aircraft is "homing" to a radio beacon whilst maintaining a relative bearing of zero. If the magnetic heading decreases, the aircraft is experiencing:
@@right drift
left drift

zero drift
9. Which of the following is the ICAO allocated frequency band for ADF receivers?
255 - 455 kHz
@@200 - 1750 kHz

300 - 3000 kHz
10. In order to obtain an ADF bearing the:
@@signal must be received by both the sense and loop aerials
sense aerial must be tuned separately

mode selector should be switched to “loop”
11. The ADF reception loop is always used so that the electromotive force (EMF)
@@induced is zero
induced is maximum

is zero
12. A loop aerial, as used in the ADF, will
Always rotate at constant speed before locking on to a signal from an NDB
Will provide the most accurate bearing when it is aligned in the direction resulting in highest signal strength to the ADF receiver

Receive a minimum or null signal from a transmitter when the plane of the loop is at right angles to the direction of the transmitter
13. Of the bearing indicators available for use on ADFs, the most sophisticated one is:
The Relative Bearing Indicator
@@The Radio Magnetic Indicator

The Deviation Indicator
14. SATCOM is used to.
Monitor aircraft
@@Relay transmissions to and from the aircraft

Determine the position of the aircraft
15. 121.5 MHz is what frequency?
VOR
@@VHF

ILS
16. Which frequency is used to achieve line of sight radio communication?
HF
VHF

VHF and UHF
17. Which is the frequency separation between consecutive frequencies in the VHF band
75 KHz
50 KHz

25 KHz
18. VHF frequency is.
@@108 – 136.975 MHz
108 - 112 MHz.

108 - 118 MHz.
19. A radio frequency of 16 MHz would be used for ?
weather radar.
marker beacons.

HF communications
20. Service interphone system allows
@@communication between the flight deck and some areas on the aircraft
communication to other aircraft

Communication to ATC
Instrument system (ATA 31)
1. Which of these barometric instruments uses a restrictor to compute its output?
Machmeter

VSI
ASI
2. In a Air Data Computer (ADC) system, Mach information is derived from.
pitot and static pressures

indicated airspeed and altitude
indicated air speed and total air temperature
3. In a Air Data Computer, altitude is produced from.
@@static air pressure

pitot air pressure and total air temperature
pitot air pressure
4. In a Air Data Computer (ADC), Indicated Air Speed (IAS) is produced from.
static pressure only

pitot pressure only
@@pitot and static air pressure
5. A machmeter works.
@@always

always except on the ground
above 10,000 ft
6. In Airways flying, what is the barometric scale of the altimeter set to?
QFE

QNH
@@1013.25
7. The pressure measured at the forward facing orifice of a pitot tube is the:
static pressure

total pressure
total pressure plus static pressure
8. A pitot tube covered by ice which blocks the ram air inlet will affect the following instrument (s):
altimeter only.

airspeed indicator only
vertical speed indicator only
9. In a standard atmosphere and at the sea level, the calibrated airspeed (CAS) is:
higher than the true airspeed (TAS).

independent of the true airspeed (TAS).
@@equal to the true airspeed (TAS)
10. What corrections must be applied to indicated airspeed to produce true airspeed?
Correction for heading and altitude

Correction for wind and temperature
@@Correction for altitude and temperature
11. Total air pressure consists of static pressure plus:
Differential pressure.

Total pressure.
@@Dynamic pressure
1. A lead-acid battery is considered to be fully charged when the.
cells begin to gas freely

SG and voltage remain constant for specified period
SG reaches 1.180
2. The preferred method of battery charging a Ni-Cad battery is constant.
power

voltage
@@current
3. To parallel an alternating current generator with one or more other generators, phase A must be.
90 degrees out-of-phase and ABC

in-phase with other generators and ABC
in-phase with other generators and CBA only
4. A fuse-type current limiter
limits current flow to a load

can be used as a radio suppressor
@@opens a circuit after a time/current condition has been exceeded.
5. Voltage is controlled by.
the constant speed drive

the swashplate
@@the voltage regulator
6. In an AC generation system, the frequency and phase rotation.
must be out of phase prior to paralleling.

is of no consequence after paralleling.
@@must be synchronised prior to paralleling.
7. The output frequency of a hydraulically driven standby generator is controlled by.
an IDG

a hydraulically actuated swash plate
a CSD
8. An AC generator used with a CSD.
does not need a voltage controller because voltage is kept constant.

needs a voltage controller to maintain voltage with increasing load.
does not need a voltage controller because current is kept constant.
9. One of the main functions of the airline battery is to:
Provide electric power for heating

Be an emergency source of electric power
Provide DC power for certain equipment
10. Circuit breakers protecting circuits may be:
used only in AC circuits.

used only in DC circuits.
@@used in AC and DC circuits
11. The output voltage of DC generators used in aircraft is normally regulated by:
Varying the RPM of the generator.

Controlling the current in the armature (anker) windings.
@@Controlling the current in the field windings
12. Assume a constant speed DC generator providing a constant output voltage. If the electrical load increases, the voltage regulator will:
change the direction of the excitation current.

maintain the intensity of the excitation current constant.
@@increase the intensity of the excitation current
13. The primary purpose of the reverse current relay is to:
Prevent the generator from delivering current to the generator.

Prevent the battery from delivering current to the generator.
Prevent the generator from delivering too much current
14. The so-called "hot buses" or "direct buses" are:
@@directly connected to the battery

kept in operating conditions by an electrical resistance in the case of energy failure.
automatically connected to the battery if generators have failed
15. A bus-bar is:
@@a distribution point for electrical power

a device permitting operation of two or more switches together
the stator of a moving coil instrument
16. A static inverter is a:
device for reversing the polarity of the static charge

transistorized unit used to convert DC into AC
static discharger
17. If voltage and frequency of the generator drop to zero in flight, it would be an indication that the.
@@CSD driveshaft had sheared

phase sequence detection circuit has operated
bus tie interlock is inoperative
18. Assuming all systems are operating normally, as aircraft electrical load increases, generator output voltage will
increases and amperage output increases.

remain constant and amperage output increases.
decrease and amperage output increases.
19. What is the small pin on the DC ground power connector?
Positive to battery relay

Positive to external power relay
Ground or earth
20. How is RAT driven?
@@Airstream

Compressor
Fan
21. The most widely used electrical frequency in aircraft is:
200 Hz

50 Hz
@@400 Hz
22. When an overvolt is present on an AC generator system, the tripping circuit.
trips after a time delay.

trips after a time delay inversely proportional to overvolt amplitude.
trips at a set level.
23. In an AC distribution system, the purpose of the synchronising bus-bar is to.
supply essential services.

provide interconnection between the generator load busbars.
provide a means of monitoring the load.
24. The moving part in an AC generator is usually referred to as the:
oscillator

stator
@@rotor
25. The function of a constant speed drive (CSD) in an AC generating system is to :
vary the engine rpm (within limits) to compensate for various AC loads.

vary generator rpm in order to compensate for various AC loads.
@@drive the generator at a constant speed.
26. AC generator output indications are measured in.
@@KVA & KW

KW
KW & KVAR
27. In the event of complete AC generator failure in an AC split bus-bar generation system, how is power maintained to the essential AC bus-bar?
By power fed from static inverter only

By power fed from a hot battery bus-bar only
@@By power fed from a battery supplied static inverter
28. A 3 phase AC generator has 3 separate stator windings spaced at :
90°

60°
@@120°
29. Assuming a CSD fault is indicated, the CSD should be disconnected:
on the ground only.

at flight idle engine rpm.
@@during engine operation only
30. A Constant Speed Drive aims at ensuring
equal AC voltage from all generators.

that the CSD remains at a constant RPM not withstanding the generator RPM
@@that the electric generator produces a constant frequency.
1. The specifications for emergency equipment requirements on any given aircraft are found in EASA issued airworthiness codes
CS-23

CS-25
CS-33
2. Some items regularly considered emergency equipment are:
@@Life Rafts, Flashlights, Fire Axes …

Life Vests, First Aid Kits, Water Boilers …
Fire Axes, Ovens, Life Vests …
3. If a seat belt is not functional and cannot be changed before flight
The seat must be placarded and can use

The seat can use without placard
@@The seat must be placarded and not used
4. Seat belts and harnesses are constructed from
Fiberglass Webbing

Nylon Webbing
Cotton Webbing
5. Cabin layout is a result of considerations for
Comfort for passengers and flight attendants

Safety requirements and practical functional arrangements to serve the passengers
Comfort for passengers and flight crews
6. Galleys themselves are preconstructed
One assembly

Modular units
One unit
7. Cargo compartments are lined with
Any material of panels

Fire resistant sidewall and ceiling panels
Fire resistant for ceiling panels only
1. On pulling the fire handle, the aural warning.
goes off, the light goes off, hydraulics, bleed air and generator goes off.

stays on, the light extinguishes, the generator goes off line.
@@goes off, the light remains on, the generator goes off line.
2. When a fire test on a Systron Donor fire detector system is carried out.
a signal passes through the unbroken centre conductor to produce the warning.

it checks the integrity of the contacts.
the signal passes through the centre and back through the outer to give warning.
3. A fire detection loop must be capable of.
@@using master warning visual and aural signals.

detecting fire/overheat condition within 5 seconds and extinguishing such that after 30 seconds the condition is no longer present.
using master warning visual signals only.
4. A toilet is fitted with thermal protection.
to protect against freezing at altitude.

to protect against the dangers of smoke and fire in the event of an overheat.
to protect against continuous flushing.
5. What external warning is there for an APU fire?
Aural

Both aural and a red light
Red light
6. In a gas firewire system, what causes the firewire caption to come on when heat is applied?
Continuity

Pressure
Capacitance increase
7. A cargo compartment which will contain a fire itself and ventilate is a class.
A

D
C
8. What test is carried out to ensure serviceability of a squib?
Bottles are fired.

Safety ohmmeter is used to check voltage.
@@A continuity check.
9. Smoke detectors consist of a.
lamp detecting 2% smoke

photoelectric cell
semiconductor loop
10. What are the minimum number of fire bottles in a cabin with 201- 300 people?
3 BCF.

4 Fire Extinguishers
4 Methyl Bromide
11. How can fire extinguisher be identified as being used?
Check the tell-tale wire

Weighed
Check the pressure
12. The indication of the fire detection systems is performed by a:
warning bell

warning light
@@warning light and a warning bell
1. In normal flight, if the control wheel is moved to the left, then the aileron on the right wing will.
Decrease the angle of attack of the right hand wing.

Increase the angle of attack of the right hand wing.
Keep the angle of attack of the right wing constant.
2. Aileron input is fed into the yaw damper system to.
Prevent nose pitching down.

Prevent nose pitching up.
@@Prevent adverse yaw in a turn.
3. In an automatic flight control system, when may the yaw damper be applied?
During manual control only.

During either manual or automatic control.
During automatic control only.
4. The aircraft is controlled about the lateral axis by the.
Ailerons

Rudder
@@Elevator
5. The aircraft is controlled about the vertical axis by the.
Elevator

Rudder
Ailerons
6. A stick shaker is a device which.
Helps extricate an aircraft from soft ground.

Gives a short period of extra lift to assist take off.
@@Vibrates the control column near stalling speed.
7. The aircraft is controlled about the longitudinal axis by the.
@@Ailerons

Elevator
Rudder
8. Which of the following is not a primary flying control?
@@Tailplane

Elevator
Rudder
9. A tab which assists the pilot to move a flying control by moving automatically in the opposite direction to the control surface is called a.
Trim tab

Servo tab
@@Balance tab
10. When spoilers are used asymmetrically, they combine with.
@@Ailerons

Elevators
Rudder
11. What is used to correct any tendency of the aircraft to move towards an undesirable flight attitude?
@@Trim tabs

Spring tabs
Balance tabs
1. A fuel crossfeed valve is usually in.
@@The closed position

The open position
Its last position
2. As the aircraft maneuvers, some probes are in more fuel than others due to the attitude of the aircraft. The indication
@@Remains steady, because the total capacitance transmitted by all of the probes remains the same

Remains steady for center tank and difference of wing tanks
Remains steady for wing tanks and steady for center tank
3. Fuel tanks interconnected must have.
Vents to allow overfueling.

Protection against overfill for tanks and fuel system
Tank where fuel is fed from both tanks to engine inlet.
4. Cross feed valves permit fuel transfer from.
Tank to tank.

Left tank to right tank.
@@Any tank to any engine
5. In a light fixed wing aircraft, the fuel warning light indicates.
Pump failure.

The tank does not pressurise.
@@Ice blockage, filter popped or pump fail.
6. How is fuel supplied to a turbine engine?
@@By a fuel boost pump.

By suction from the engine driven fuel pump.
By a gravity feed pump.
7. A fuel tank suction valve will open when.
@@The booster pump fails.

Both the engine driven and booster pump fail.
The engine driven pump fails.
8. To prevent water condensation in a fuel tank.
@@The tank should be filled as full as possible

The tank should be filled with the minimum fuel possible.
The filler cap should be left open.
9. When considering the basic categories of fuel tank construction, which of the following is most prone to leaks?
Rigid

Integral
Flexible
10. A leak from a fuel tank which manifests as fuel dripping from the tank is classified as a.
Stain

Seep
@@Run
11. The advantages of integral fuel tanks are that they.
Are cheaper to manufacture, more durable and easier to maintain.

Use the maximum volume for fuel and have the minimum amount of weight.
Are easier to design and construct and use the maximum volume of fuel.
1. Accumulators as fitted to aircraft hydraulic systems.
Are only ever used in an emergency

Store fluid under pressure
Provide additional fluid if leaks occur
2. A check flow valve in a hydraulic system prevents.
Pump cavitation

Reverse flow
Overpressure
3. A constant delivery pump has its output varied with.
@@Regulators

Gears
Servo pressure
4. A hydraulic closed system is one where.
@@Pressure is maintained at the selector valves at all times.

There is no pressure at the selector valves when no functions are required.
Most of the major components of the system are included in a self contained unit.
5. What constitutes a hydraulic power pack?
Variable swashplate pump.

Reservoir, pump, selector valve, filter.
Hydraulic oil accumulator.
6. If an accumulator loses air pressure, there will be.
Rapid depressurisation of system.

Pump cavitation.
@@Rapid fluctuations of instruments.
7. One reason for fitting an accumulator in a hydraulic system is to.
Minimize the possibility of pump cavitation.

Absorb pressure surges
Relieve excess pressure.
8. A thermal relief valve is fitted to a hydraulic system to.
Prevent a leak back of pressure.

Prevent excess temperature.
@@Relieve excess pressure
9. A component in a hydraulic system which ensures instantaneous action when a service is selected is.
@@Accumulator.

Engine driven pump.
Selector.
10. A shuttle valve is used for.
Preventing fluid loss from a leaking jack.

Maintaining fluid press when the emergency system fails.
@@Change over from main to auxiliary system in the case of failure.
11. The purpose of a mechanical sequence valve is to ensure the operation of.
@@Landing gear and doors

Safety switches
Brake anti-skid units
12. A hydraulic accumulator is charged with initial air pressure of 1000 PSI. When the hydraulic system pressure of 3000 PSI is reached, the air pressure is.
4000 PSI

3000 PSI
1000 PSI
13. Hydraulic reservoirs are pressurized to.
Provide a reserve of stored energy.

Maintain a constant fluid level.
@@Minimize the possibility of pump cavitation.
14. In aircraft hydraulic systems, it is permissible to use.
@@Only the specified fluid.

Any fluid of the same specific gravity.
Any hydraulic fluid available.
15. To enable a hydraulic system to operate two components requiring different pressures.
@@A pressure reducing valve is used.

A pressure regulating valve is used.
A pressure relief valve is used.
1. On large transport aircraft, the windshield wiper system is.
One system for both sides but with the same power source

Independent on each side but with the same power source
@@Independent on each side with different power sources.
2. On large transport aircraft, the windshield wiper system is.
One system for both sides but with the same power source.

Independent on each side but with the same power source.
@@Independent on each side with different power sources.
3. A deicer boot is completely bonded to the leading edge to.
Provide smoother airflow over leading edge

Prevent electrical static build up
Provide more efficient deicer cycles
4. Air for anti-icing of the wings is obtained from.
Air conditioning ducting

Engine compressors
A combustion heater
5. The usual material for pipelines in a fluid deice system.
Stainless steel

Monel
@@Nylon
6. When operating a windscreen wiper on the ground, make sure to.
Use slow wiper only.

Use water as lubricant when operating.
Place soft cloth between blade and window.
7. There are two types of ice are encountered during flight:
@@Clear ice and rime ice

Block ice and clear ice
Crushed ice and rime ice
8. When ice collect on the ice detector probe, the established
Temperature decreases

Frequency of vibration decreases
Frequency of vibration increases
9. The most common source of the heated air is
@@The turbine engine compressor bleed air

The APU compressor bleed air
Air conditioning system
10. Windshield heating provides.
Thermal expansion for a tighter fit.

Impact resistance enhancement.
Increases strength to resist cabin pressure.
11. Adjustment of a windshield wiper system consists of adjusting
@@The wiper blade tension, the angle at which the blade sweeps across the windshield, and proper parking of the wiper blades.

The wiper blade tension, the angle at which the blade sweeps across the windshield, and speed of the wiper blades
The angle at which the blade sweeps across the windshield, speed of the wiper blades and the angle of wiper arms
1. Spongy brakes are usually a result of.
Internal leakage

Air in the system
External leakage
2. Tubeless tyres are stored.
At 15 to 20 P.S.I

Horizontally maximum of four high with smallest diameter tyre on top.
@@Vertically
3. A restrictor valve.
Speed up the flow in one direction

May be used to slow down undercarriage extension
Restrict the extent of travel of the undercarriage
4. The function of the oil in a shock absorber is to.
Ensure the separator does not bottom.

Damp the rebound.
Absorb the landing shock.
5. Fuse plugs in aircraft tyres are.
For over temperature protection.

For overpressure protection.
To deflate the tyre before removal.
6. A red dot / triangle mark on aircraft tyres means.
Military reference.

The light part of the tyre.
Breather points.
7. When fitting a tyre, the red dot should be positioned.
On the other side of the wheel opposite to the charging valve.

Opposite the charging valve.
@@Adjacent to the charging valve.
8. The cam plate in a nose undercarriage is.
Part of the shimmy damper.

To align for nose wheel on nose undercarriage retraction.
For alignment of the nose wheel steering on nose undercarriage extension.
9. A fusible plug fitted to an aircraft wheel prevents.
Over inflation of tyres during servicing.

Brakes seizure, if brake stators and rotors weld together under excessive temperatures.
@@Tyre bursts due to high temperatures created by excessive braking.
10. If the shuttle valve was stuck in the normal position.
Neither system will be available.

Emergency braking will not be available.
Normal braking will not be available.
11. The fusible plugs installed in some aircraft wheel will.
Facilitate servicing of the wheel assembly.

Melt at a specified elevated temperature.
Eliminate the need to check air pressure
12. Excessive wear in the shoulder area of an aircraft tyre is an indication of.
@@Under-inflation

Over-inflation
Excessive toe-in
13. When the landing gear is locked up, the cockpit indicator shows.
Red light

No indication
Green light
14. On a multi-brake unit with automatic adjusters, brake wear is checked by.
Using a go-no go gauge to measure the gap between the cylinder and the thrust plate.

Application of the brakes and checking indicator pin protrusion.
Measuring the protrusion of the indicator pins with the brakes released.
1. With aircraft lights - which of the following is true?
@@Starboard light green, port light red, tail light white.

Starboard light red, port light green, tail light Red.
Starboard light red, port light green, tail light White.
2.  A fluorescent tube contains.
Orange coatings, rare gases and mercury vapour.

Phosphor coatings, rare gases and mercury vapour.
Iodine coatings and rare gases.
3. The visible angle of a white tail navigation light is.
11°

140°
110°
4. Wing navigation lights must be visible through which angle?
@@110°

125°
180°
5. Upper and lower strobe lights are coloured.
Green

Red
White
6. How are passenger reading lights normally tested?
@@Each one is switched on individually at passenger panel.

By using a READ LIGHT TEST switch at any passenger panel.
By using a READ LIGHT TEST switch on the cabin attendant panel.
7. In what position should the selector switch be for a standby and emergency lighting system during flight
@@Armed

OFF
ON
8. Service lights include.
refuelling lights, engine scanning lights, logo lights.

avionics bay lights, engine scanning lights, baggage compartment lights.
@@baggage compartment lights, avionics bay lights, refuelling lights.
9. The wing inspection lights are usually controlled through a relay by:
@@an on/off toggle switch in the cockpit

A push-button in cabin
A DIM/BRIGHT control knob
10. A high-intensity white flash is produced from a:
@@strobe light

fluorescent tube
landing light
11. Anti-collision lights can be provided by:
@@rotating beacon or strobe lights

fluorescent tubes
retractable assembly.
1. Oxygen cylinders are considered empty when the pressure inside drops below
0 psi

50 psi
65 psi
2. What pressure are oxygen cylinders usually pressurised to?
300 PSI

1800 PSI
3000 PSI
3. When charging an oxygen bottle with gaseous oxygen, the oxygen is.
@@Passed into the bottle slowly to keep the temperature at approximately ambient.

Passed into the bottle at any rate as this does not affect temperature.
Passed into the bottle as quickly as possible to keep the temperature down.
4. How do oxygen cylinders show over pressure?
@@Green rupturing disc

Audible warning
Red rupturing disc
5. A chemical oxygen generator has a supply duration of at least.
@@15 minutes

30 minutes
5 minutes
1. High pressure pneumatic source is a.
@@Reciprocating pump.

Centrifugal Compressor.
Butterfly pump.
2. Two compressors driven by separate engines use.
Interconnected to share loads.

NRVs to prevent compressors driving each other.
PRVs.
3. When high pressure pneumatic air or nitrogen is used to move hydraulic fluid to an actuator, it is called
@@Pneudraulics

Leading- up pressure
Combined pressure
4. A normal working temperature in the pneumatic manifold of close to
140oC

165oC
@@200oC
5. A pressure regulator maintains system pressure with a
Shut-off valve

Relief valve
Isolation valve
6. ______are used to lower the system pressure to that require by a particular component or sub system.
@@Pressure reducing valves

Pressure relief valves
Nonreturn valves
7. Pneumatic manifold ____ is a key parameter monitored on the flight deck
@@Pressure

Temperature
Humidity
8. On a high pressure pneumatic system, if the drain plug for oil and water is left open for long periods of time, the system would.
@@Lose pressure from the compressor side only.

Lose pneumatic pressure partially.
Lose all pressure.
9. Wing anti-ice and engine starter air use of pneumatic manifold air
@@Without temperature adjustment

With temperature adjustment
With temperature and pressure adjustment
10. A pump that increasing both the velocity and the pressure of the air, this is type of
@@Centrifugal impeller pump

Piston pump
Vane pump
11. An “X” on an isolation valve symbol or the APU shutoff valve symbol shows the valve has
Closed

Opened but the pressure is abnormal
@@Failed
1. Waste water drain masts.
Are not heated.

Are heated using low amperage in the Air and on ground.
@@Are heated using low amperage with the aircraft on ground only.
2. Drinking water pipes are prevented from freezing by.
Installation of neoprene foam insulation.

Wrapping the pipes with heated tapes or ribbons.
Placing the pipes adjacent to hot water piping.
1. Onboard maintenance systems monitor the aircraft for faults, record and store the fault data, and provide information about these faults to.
@@flight crews and maintenance personnel

flight crews
maintenance personnel
2. The data collected by onboard maintenance systems can
be accessed:

in flight
on the ground
@@both in flight and on the ground
3. Outputs from the CMC are provided in the form of:

visual displays, printed text,
visual displays, digital data that may be downloaded.
@@visual displays, printed text, and digital data that may be downloaded.
4. It is common for a standard onboard maintenance system to have:

two CMCs installed
only one CMC installed
three CMCs installed
5. Class 1 faults are:

the most serious, and involve something listed in the MEL.
the system is still functioning normally, although it may not have
full redundancy.
minor discrepancies within a monitored system. They do not affect the operation of the aircraft.

6. Class 2 faults are:
the most serious, and involve something listed in the MEL.
@@the system is still functioning normally, although it may not have full redundancy.
minor discrepancies within a monitored system. They do not affect the operation of the aircraft.

7. Class 3 faults are:
the most serious, and involve something listed in the MEL.
the system is still functioning normally, although it may not have full redundancy.
@@minor discrepancies within a monitored system. They do not affect the operation of the aircraft.

8. The information gathered by central maintenance computers can be relayed to the ground through:
@@the ACARS system
VHF system
SATCOM system

9. The individual system BITE circuits are connected to the CMC by:
a digital control bus
@@a digital data bus
a digital address bus

1. An Integrated modular avionics is a
@@Design methodology
An avionics system per se.
Specific functions of the individual avionics systems

2. An IMA aircraft
Has non-redundant power supplies
@@Might have three redundant power supplies
One power failure affects each individual system

3. VHF communication frequency tuning can use a
ARINC 629 data bus
AFDX data bus
@@ARINC 429 data bus

4. IMA systems consist of a core system
This processing circuitry is not shared by the various avionics systems
@@The core system contains data processing circuitry that processes many different kinds of information.
The core system uses multiple computer processors for many different purposes

1. Some of the features that can be included in cabin systems are:
@@Passenger Address, Cabin Interphone, Audio and Video Entertainment
Telephone, arrival airport weather.
Flight Attendant Calling, cockpit and cabin crew information

2. The Inflight entertainment system provides the passenger with
@@Audio and video on demand.
Audio via cabin speakers and video on a main screen
Does not include music channels.

3.  Cabin monitoring systems are used to monitor
@@Status of smoke and fire detectors in lavatories, Cabin temperature, passenger warning lights
Status of smoke and fire detectors in lavatories, Cabin altitude, Status of galley equipment, such as water tanks.
Cabin lighting and not cabin entry and exit door status (open or closed)

4. A cabin intercommunication data system is used by
Passengers to operate reading lights
@@B.Flight attendants, pilots, and passengers.
flight attendants and pilots only

5. Some of the features that can be included in cabin systems are
Cabin Interphone ,Flight Attendant Calling, Passenger seat adjustment
@@Cabin Interphone, Flight Attendant ,Calling Moving Map Displays
Cabin Interphone, Flight Attendant Calling, Personal air temperature control

6. Typical user interfaces for the Cabin System are
@@Flight attendant panels, Cockpit handsets, Call buttons
Flight attendant panels, Cabin handsets, Cabin layout
Flight attendant panels, Reading lights, Gasper air outlets

1. Aircraft information systems can be used to store and retrieve
Airline policy manual and training manuals.
@@Flight deck information systems, maintenance information systems, and passenger cabin information systems
Stored information is only retained for 25 hours

2. Initial Aircraft information systems included
High capacity flash drives,
Compact disks
@@Manuals, drawings, charts, microfilm or microfiche

3. Aircraft information systems architecture selected by Airbus
@@Is a networked real-time servers and routers
Is unsecure both from the point of view of computer security and operational availability
Does not include the data related to the flight

4. The use of the digital electronics allows flight attendants
to carry
A flash drive to insert in the onboard screen
A weight saving digital Library

Small device, such as a tablet
5. Advantages electronic information system
Reduced weight and bulk
@@Reduced weight, reduced bulk, and ease of update

Easy to update and reduced weight.
