1. If a pilot changes the altimeter setting from 30.11 in.Hg to 29.96 in.Hg, what will be the approximate change in indication?
@@Altimeter will indicate 150 feet lower
Altimeter will indicate 150 feet higher
Altimeter will indicate 0.15 in.Hg higher .

2. Which is the ratio of the water vapour actually present in the atmosphere to the amount that would be present if the air were saturated at the prevailing temperature and pressure?
Dew point
@@Relative humidity
Absolute humidity

3. The amount of water vapour capacity in the air (humidity holding capacity of the air) is
@@greater on a hotter day and lower on a colder day
doesn't have a significant difference
greater on a colder day, and lower on a hotter day

4. The temperature lapse rate below the tropopause is
1°C per 1000 ft
@@2°C per 1000 ft
3°C per 1000 ft

5. What is absolute humidity?
@@The actual amount of the water vapour in a mixture of air and water
The temperature to which humid air must be cooled at constant pressure to become saturated.
The ratio of the water vapour actually present in the atmosphere to the amount that would be present if the air were saturated at the prevailing temperature and pressure

6. The state of the atmosphere is characterized by some key variables, namely
pressure, temperature, and humidity
@@pressure, temperature, humidity and density
pressure, temperature and density

7. In which of the following conditions will air density be highest?
Hot humid day at sea level
@@Cold dry day at sea level
Hot dry day at 500 ft

8. The temperature of the lower stratosphere
@@remains constant
increases with altitude
decreases with altitude

9. Which condition is the actual amount of water vapour in a mixture of air and water?
@@Absolute humidity
Dew point
Relative humidity

Refer: EASA Module 8 - Basic Aerodynamics/ Physics of the atmosphere
10. At sea level, ISA atmospheric pressure is
10 Bar
@@14.7 PSI

14.7 kPa
Refer: EASA Module 8 - Basic Aerodynamics/ Physics of the atmosphere
11. With an increase in altitude under I.S.A. conditions the temperature in the troposphere
increases

decreases
remains constant
Refer: EASA Module 8 - Basic Aerodynamics/ Physics of the atmosphere
1. If the IAS is increased by a factor of 4, by what factor would the drag increase?

4
@@16
8
2. When airflow velocity over an upper cambered surface of an aerofoil decreases, what takes place?

Pressure increases, lift increases
@@Pressure increases, lift decreases
Pressure decreases, lift increases
3. The difference between the mean camber line and the chord line of an aerofoil is

neither are straight
they both may be curved
@@one is always straight and the other may be straight
4. Subsonic flow over a cambered aerofoil at 4° angle of attack will cause

an increase in speed and drop in pressure over the upper surface and a decrease in speed and a rise in pressure over the lower surface
a decrease in speed and drop in pressure over the upper surface and a decrease in speed and a drop in pressure over the lower surface
@@an increase in speed and drop in pressure over the upper surface and an increase in speed and a drop in pressure over the lower surface
5. The vertical component of the aerodynamic resultant is defined as

lift
total aerodynamic force
drag
6. Which statement is correct about the Cl and angle of attack?

For a symmetric aerofoil, if angle of attack = 0, Cl =0
For an asymmetric aerofoil, if angle of attack = 0, Cl =0
For a symmetric aerofoil, if angle of attack = 0, Cl is not equal to 0
7. What determines the coefficient of lift?

The aircraft designer
@@Aerofoil shape and angle of attack
The amount of camber
8. Which of the following describes the 'Empennage'?

Nose section of an aircraft, including the cockpit
@@Tail section of the aircraft, including fin, rudder, tail plane and elevators
The wings, including the ailerons
9. The induced drag of an aircraft

increases with increasing speed
@@decreases with increasing speed
increases if aspect ratio is increased
10. Bernoulli’s equation states that

static pressure equals stagnation pressure
dynamic pressure equals stagnation pressure
@@the sum of static pressure and dynamic pressure is equal to stagnation pressure
11. Induced drag can be reduced by the use of

fairings at junctions between fuselage and wings
@@high aspect ratio wings
streamlining
12. On a symmetrical aerofoil the camber line is

equal to the chord
less than the chord
greater than the chord
13. Which of the following can reduce induced drag?

Smooth surfaces
@@Winglets
Streamlining
14. Which of the following statements about boundary layers is correct?

The turbulent boundary layer is thinner than the laminar boundary layer
The turbulent boundary layer gives a lower skin friction than the laminar boundary layer
@@The turbulent boundary layer has more kinetic energy than the laminar boundary layer
15. The boundary layer of a body in a moving airstream is

a layer of air over the surface where the airspeed is changing from free stream velocity to zero velocity
a thin layer of air over the surface where the air is stationary
a layer of air which is moving at free stream speed
16. The angle of attack of an aerofoil section is the angle between the

underside of the wing surface and the mean airflow
@@chord line and the relative airflow
chord line and the centre line of the fuselage
17. A High Aspect Ratio wing is a wing with

short span, long chord
long span, long chord
@@long span, short chord
18. Downwash, on a wing section during flight, occurs

at the trailing edge only
at both the leading edge and the trailing edge
at the leading edge only
19. Lift is a function of

velocity, wing shape, wing area and CL
@@velocity, wing area, CL and density
velocity, density, wing shape and lift coefficient
20. The Mean Aerodynamic Chord (MAC) for a given wing of any planform is

the wing area divided by the wing span
@@the chord of a rectangular wing with same moment and lift
the average chord of the actual aeroplane
1. 'Load factor' has the following meaning:

The ratio of a specified load to the mass of the aircraft the former being expressed in terms of aerodynamic and inertia forces
The ratio of a specified load to the mass of the aircraft, the former being expressed in terms of aerodynamic forces, inertia forces and ground reactions
@@The ratio of a specified load to the weight of the aircraft, the former being expressed in terms of aerodynamic forces, inertia forces and ground reactions
2.  Which of the following are lift increasing device?

Flaps only
Slots only
@@Flaps and slots
3. A boundary layer fence on a swept wing will

improve the high speed characteristics
increase the critical Mach Number
@@improve the low speed characteristics
4. A deployed slat will

increase the camber of the aerofoil and increase the effective angle of attack, suction peak so that Clmax is reached at higher angle of attack
increase the boundary layer energy and increase the suction peak on the fixed part of the wing, so that the stall is postponed to higher angle of attack
@@increase the boundary layer energy, move the suction peak from the fixed part of the wing to the slat, the stall is postponed to higher angle of attack
5. The type of flaps which increase both lift and area of the wing is a

slotted flap
plain flap
@@Fowler flap
6. What happens to lift when flaps are lowered?

Decreases
Remains same
@@Increases
7. In a gliding flight

lift is greater than weight
@@lift is less than weight
lift is zero
8. A slotted flap will increase the CLmax by

increasing only the camber of the aerofoil
@@increasing the camber of the aerofoil and improving the boundary layer
increasing the critical angle of attack
9. A stall warning device must be set to operate

at a speed just above stalling speed
at a speed just below stalling speed
at the stalling speed
10. A stick shaker is intended to come into operation

prior to the actual moment of aircraft stall
at the actual moment of aircraft stall
immediately after the aircraft is stalled
11. About which axis of the aircraft does a rolling motion take place?

Vertical axis
@@Longitudinal axis
Lateral axis
12. After take-off the slats (when installed) are always retracted later than the flaps. Why?

Because SLATS EXTENDED gives a large decrease in stall speed with relatively less drag
Because SLATS EXTENDED provides a better view from the cockpit than FLAPS EXTENDED
Because FLAPS EXTENDED gives a large increase in stall speed with relatively less drag
13. Aircraft flying in the transonic range most often utilize

high wings
@@sweptback wings
advanced super-critical airfoils
14. An aeroplane has the following flap settings: 0°, 15°, 30° and 45°. Slats can be selected too. Which of the above selections will produce the greatest negative influence on the CL/CD ratio?

Flaps from 15° to 30°
@@Flaps from 30° to 45°
Flaps from 0° to 15°
15. An aircraft banks into a turn. No change is made to the airspeed or angle of attack. What will happen?

The aircraft enters a side slip and begins to lose altitude
The aircraft turns with no loss of height
The aircraft yaws and slows down
16. An aircraft is flying into the wind. In a given amount of time, it will

fly with the same IAS as in still air, but travel less distance
fly with a higher IAS than in still air, and travel further
fly with a higher IAS than in still air, and travel less
17. An aircraft wing is said to have stalled when the

boundary layer is completely turbulent
speed of the aircraft falls below the stalling speed
@@airflow separates from the upper surface
18. An increase in angle of attack (below the stalling angle of attack) increases lift because

induced drag is reduced
the vertical component of weight is reduced
@@the lift coefficient increases
19. An increase of wing loading will

increase the stall speed
decrease the minimum gliding angle
decrease take off speeds
1. The lateral axis is

a straight line through the CG parallel to a line joining the wingtips
a straight line through the CG from nose to tail
a straight line through the CG at right angles to the longitudinal and lateral axis
2. The lateral axis is also called the

pitch axis
normal axis
roll axis
3. Dihedral wings combat instability in

side-slip
pitch
yaw
4. An aircraft with neutral stability has its attitude changed due to a gust of wind, how will this effect it?

It will return to its original attitude
It will go further out of control continuously
@@It will remain in its new attitude
5. The directional axis

acts through the C of G, perpendicular to the longitudinal axis and lateral axis.
is perpendicular to the longitudinal axis
is perpendicular to the horizontal axis
6. If an aircraft returns to a position of equilibrium it is said to be

positively stable
neutrally stable
negatively stable
7. Which of the following is used to counteract yaw?

Fin area
Lateral dihedral
Longitudinal dihedral
8. Dutch roll is an oscillatory motion that is an interaction between

longitudinal and directional stability
@@lateral and directional stability
longitudinal and lateral stability
9. Lateral stability is about the

vertical axis
@@longitudinal axis
lateral axis
10. Dutch Roll is

a type of slow roll
primarily a pitching instability
@@a combined rolling and yawing motion
11. Movement of an aircraft about its vertical axis

is yawing
is pitching
is rolling
12. The pendulum effect on a high wing aircraft

increases lateral stability
decreases lateral stability
has no effect on lateral stability
13. Longitudinal stability is provided by the

horizontal stabilizer
vertical stabilizer
mainplane
14. The fin gives stability about which axis?

Lateral axis
@@Vertical axis
Longitudinal axis
15. Dihedral improves

longitudinal stability
directional stability
@@lateral stability
16. An aircraft, which is longitudinally stable, will tend to return to level flight after a movement in which axis?

Roll
Yaw
@@Pitch
17. Stability of an aircraft is

the ability of the aircraft to rotate about an axis
the tendency of the aircraft to stall at low airspeed
@@the tendency of the aircraft to return to its original trimmed position after having been displaced
18. A high wing position gives

the same lateral stability as a low wing
@@more lateral stability than a low wing
less lateral stability than a low wing
19. The three axes concerned with stability of an aircraft have

longitudinal axis nose to tail, lateral axis at furthest span point, vertical axis through centre of pressure
vertical axis through C of G. Lateral axis - wing tip to wing tip. Longitudinal axis - nose to tail but not through C of G
@@longitudinal, lateral and vertical axis all passing through aircraft centre of gravity
20. Yawing is a rotation around

the vertical axis obtained by the elevator
the lateral axis obtained by the rudder
@@the vertical axis obtained by the rudder
