The pressurization terms include:
@@Cabin altitude, cabin differential pressure, and cabin rate of climb.
Cabin altitude, ambient pressure, and cabin differential pressure.
Cabin diffrential pressure, ambient pressure, and cabin rate of climb.

What is the maximum cabin altitude should be maintained for passenger comfort and safety?
@@8000 feet.
14000 feet.
6000 feet.

What is the type of valve whose position determines the pressure level in cabin?
@@Outflow valve.
Overflow valve.
Overpressure valve.

What is the function of the cabin air pressure safety valve?
@@Prevents the cabin from the over pressurization and the negative pressure.
Changes the cabin air pressure bases on the requirement of pilots.
Stabilizes the cabin air pressure bases on the requirement of pilots.

The main pressurization indications include:
@@The cabin altimeter, the cabin rate of climb or vertical speed indicator, and the cabin differential pressure indicator.
The cabin altimeter, the cabin rate of climb or vertical speed indicator, and the ambient  pressure indicator.
The cabin and ambient altimeter, the cabin rate of climb or vertical speed indicator, and the cabin differential pressure indicator.

Which is the normal mode of operation for most pressurization control systems?
@@The automatic mode.
The standby mode.
The manual mode.

What is the position of the outflow valve at take-off?
@@Fully close.
Fully open.
Partially open.

The aircraft cabin pressurization can be controlled via:
@@The isobaric mode or the constant differential mode.
The isobaric mode or the relative pressure mode.
The absolute pressure mode or the constant differential mode.

The modes of operation for most cabin pressurization control systems are:
@@The automatic, standby, and manual modes.
The automatic, isobaric, and manual modes.
The automatic, isobaric, and relative pressure modes.

How does a barometer operate?
@@The weight of the atmosphere pushes down on the mercury in the reservoir of a barometer, which causes mercury to rise in the column.
The weight of the atmosphere pushes down on the water in the reservoir of a barometer, which causes water to rise in the column.
Barometer which is an electronic device contains some pressure sensors inside. It senses and displays the pressure correctly.

What is the standard atmospheric pressure at sea level?
@@1 atm, 14.7 psi, 29.92 in Hg, 1013.2 hPa, or 1013.2 mb.
1 atm, 14.7 in Hg, 29.92 psi, 1013.2 hPa, or 1013.2 mb.
1 atm, 14.7 in Hg, 29.92 hPa, 1013.2 psi, or 1013.2 mb.

What is the order from lowest to highest of the layers of the atmosphere?
@@Troposphere, Stratosphere, Mesosphere, and Thermosphere.
Mesosphere, Troposphere, Stratosphere, and Thermosphere.
Mesosphere, Troposphere, Thermosphere, and Stratosphere.

What is the cabin altitude?
@@The cabin altitude is the air pressure inside the cabin, the altitude on a standard day that has the same pressure as that in the cabin.
The cabin altitude is the difference between the air pressure inside the cabin and the air pressure outside the cabin.
The cabin altitude is the rate of change of air pressure inside the cabin, expressed in feet per minute (fpm) of cabin altitude change.

What is the cabin differential pressure?
@@The cabin differential pressure is the difference between the air pressure inside the cabin and the air pressure outside the cabin.
The cabin differential pressure is the air pressure inside the cabin, the altitude on a standard day that has the same pressure as that in the cabin.
The cabin differential pressure is the rate of change of air pressure inside the cabin, expressed in feet per minute (fpm) of cabin altitude change.

What is the cabin rate of climb?
@@The cabin rate of climb is the rate of change of air pressure inside the cabin, expressed in feet per minute (fpm) of cabin altitude change.
The cabin rate of climb is the difference between the air pressure inside the cabin and the air pressure outside the cabin.
The cabin rate of climb is the air pressure inside the cabin, the altitude on a standard day that has the same pressure as that in the cabin.

What is the range of cabin differential pressure for aircraft?
@@The differential pressure can range from 3.5 psi for a single engine reciprocating aircraft, to approximately 9 psi on high performance jet aircraft.
The differential pressure can range from 3.5 psi for a high performance jet aircraft, to approximately 9 psi on single engine reciprocating aircraft .
The differential pressure can range from 3.5 bar for a single engine reciprocating aircraft, to approximately 9  on high performance jet aircraft.

How many psi of the ambient pressure if the cabin altitude is 8000 feet (10.92 psi) and the cabin differential pressure is 8.20 psid?
@@The ambient pressure is 2.72 psi (40000 feet).
The ambient pressure is 19.12 psi (40000 feet).
The ambient pressure is 19.12 psi (24000 feet).

Which is the type of cabin pressurization mode if the cabin altitude is remained at 8000 feet, even as the altitude of the aircraft fluctuates?
@@The isobaric mode.
The constant differential mode.
The normal mode.

Which is the type of cabin pressurization mode if the cabin pressure is maintained a constant pressure difference between the air pressure inside the cabin and the ambient air pressure, regardless of aircraft altitude changes?
@@The constant differential mode.
The isobaric mode.
The normal mode.

The constant differential mode pressure differential is:
@@Lower than the maximum differential pressure for which the airframe is designed.
Higher than the maximum differential pressure for which the airframe is designed.
As much as the maximum differential pressure for which the airframe is designed.

What happens to the control of cabin pressure if the aircraft climbs beyond a certain altitude, maintaining the selected cabin altitude may result in a differential pressure above that for which the airframe was designed; and the isobaric mode is selected?
@@The mode of pressurization automatically switches from the isobaric to constant differential mode.
The mode of pressurization remains at the selected level, even as the altitude of the aircraft fluctuates.
A special pressurization mode will be activated for this case.

How is the cabin rate of climb or descent controlled?
@@Automatically or manually.
Automatically or semi-automatically.
Manually or semi-manually.

Which is the typical range of the cabin rate of climb and descent?
@@From 300 to 500 feet per minute.
From 300 to 500 feet per hour.
From 3 to 5 psi per hour.

Which type of means is utilized for controlling cabin pressure in older aircraft?
@@Pneumatic means.
Electric means.
Electronic means.

What happens if the pressure controller is adjusted and set?
@@There are the control input parameters will be sent to the cabin pressure regulator.
There are the control input parameters will be sent to the temperature control regulator.
There are the control input parameters will be sent to the temperature controller.

Which components are directly controlled by the cabin pressure regulator?
@@Outflow valve.
Pressure trim valve.
Overflow valve.

Which type of means is utilized for controlling cabin pressure in modern aircraft?
@@Pneumatic, electric, and electronic means.
Pneumatic and electric means.
Pneumatic and electronic means.

What are on the cabin pressure selector of the pressurization panel in the cockpit?
@@Cabin altitude, cabin rate of change, and barometric setting.
Cabin altitude, cabin rate of change, and cabin differential pressure.
Cabin differential pressure, cabin rate of change, and barometric setting.

What happens to the electric signals from the selector that are sent to the cabin pressure controller?
@@Those signals will be converted from electric to digital and are used by the controller.
Those signals will be converted from electric to analog and are used by the controller.
Those signals will be converted from electric to pneumatic and are used by the controller.

What are the important inputs that the pressure controller has to receive for controlling the cabin pressurization?
@@The cabin pressure and the ambient pressure.
The cabin temperature and the ambient pressure.
The cabin pressure and the ambient temperature.

Which is the statement correct about the cabin pressurization modes?
@@For cabin pressurization, the manual mode can override the automatic mode.
For cabin pressurization, the manual mode cannot override the automatic mode.
For cabin pressurization, the automatic mode can override the manual mode.

How is the manual mode of the cabin pressurization operated?
@@The mode selector is witched to MAN and a separate switch is used to position the outflow valve open or closed to control cabin pressure.
On the cabin pressurization panel, there is a separate switch is used to position the outflow valve open or closed to control cabin pressure
The mode selector is witched to UP or DOWN and a separate switch is used to position the outflow valve open or closed to control cabin pressure.

How is the cabin pressurization controlled?
@@Controlling cabin pressurization is accomplished through regulating the amount of air that flows out of the cabin.
Controlling cabin pressurization is accomplished through regulating the amount of air that flows into the cabin.
Controlling cabin pressurization is accomplished through regulating the amount of air that flows in and out of the cabin.

Which positions can the cabin outlfow valve operate?
@@A cabin outflow valve opens, closes, or modulates to establish the amount of air pressure maintained in the cabin.
A cabin outflow valve fully opens or modulates to establish the amount of air pressure maintained in the cabin.
A cabin outflow valve fully closes or modulates to establish the amount of air pressure maintained in the cabin.

What are the types of the outflow valve for the cabin pressurization?
@@Pneumatically operated, electrically operated outflow valves, and the combination of the above.
Pneumatically operated, electronically operated outflow valves, and the combination of the above.
Electrically operated, electronically operated outflow valves, and the combination of the above.

Which are components utilized to deflect the outflow valves?
@@On transports aircraft, often two AC motors are used with a redundant DC motor for standby or manual operations.
On transports aircraft, often two DC motors are used with a redundant AC motor for standby or manual operations.
On transports aircraft, often two DC motors are used with a redundant pneumatic motor for standby or manual operations.

Which is the motor in the the outflow valve is controlled by the pressure controller?
@@The AC motor.
The DC motor.
The pneumatic motor.

Which component will prevent the over pressurization to ensure the structural integrity of the aircraft if the control of the pressurization system is lost?
@@The cabin air pressure safety valve.
The outflow valve and the pressure controller.
The pneumatic cabin pressure regulator.

Which the range of pressure is the safety valves are set to open on most aircraft?
@@Between 8 and 10 psid.
Between 8 and 10 bar.
It depends on the current altitude of the aircraft.

How many cabin pressurization safety valves are equipped on aircraft?
@@It depends on the size of the aircraft.
One.
Two.

What is the function of the cabin altitude limiters on aircraft?
@@These components close the outflow valves when the pressure in the cabin drops well below the normal cabin altitude range, preventing a further increase in cabin altitude.
These components close the safety valves when the pressure in the cabin drops well below the normal cabin altitude range, preventing a further increase in cabin altitude.
These components close the safety valves when the altitude in the cabin drops well below the normal cabin pressure range, preventing a further increase in cabin pressure.

What is the function of the negative pressure relief valve on aircraft?
@@It ensures that air pressure outside the aircraft is not more than the cabin air pressure.
It ensures that air pressure outside the aircraft is not less than the cabin air pressure.
It ensures that air pressure outside the aircraft is not as much as the cabin air pressure.

What happens if there is too much negative pressure in the aircraft cabin?
@@It causes more difficulty to open the cabin door and it could cause structural damage since the pressure vessel is designed for cabin pressure to be greater than ambient.
It causes more difficulty to close the cabin door and it could cause structural damage since the pressure vessel is designed for cabin pressure to be greater than ambient.
It causes more difficulty to close the cabin door and it could cause structural damage since the pressure vessel is designed for cabin pressure to be smaller than ambient.

What are the pressurization dump valves on aircraft?
@@These components are utilized to quickly remove air and air pressure from the cabin, usually in an abnormal, maintenance, or emergency situation.
These components are utilized to quickly add air and air pressure into the cabin, usually in an abnormal, maintenance, or emergency situation.
These components are utilized to quickly add air and air pressure into the cabin and cockpit, usually when aircraft drops its altitude suddently.

What happens if the air conditioning packs fail or emergency pressurization is selected from the cockpit during flight?
@@A valve opens and directs a mixture of bleed air and ram air into the cabin. This combines with fully closed outflow valves to preserve some pressurization in the aircraft.
A valve opens and directs a flow of bleed air into the cabin immediately. This combines with fully closed outflow valves to preserve some pressurization in the aircraft.
A valve opens and directs a flow of ram air into the cabin immediately. This combines with fully closed outflow valves to preserve some pressurization in the aircraft.

Which means are used to display the pressurization indication on modern aircraft?
@@The LCD displays
The pressure gauges.
The CRT displays.

What are the names of digital aircraft monitoring systems are used to display the pressurization indication on modern aircraft?
@@Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System (EICAS) or Electronic Centralized Aircraft Monitor (ECAM)
Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System (EICAS) or Electronic Computerized Aircraft Monitor (ECAM)
Engine Indicating and Crew Air System (EICAS) or Electronic Centralized Aircraft Monitor (ECAM)

Which page of the monitoring system should be chosen to display the air conditioning indication?
@@The environmental control system (ECS) page.
The environmental supervisor controller (ESC) page.
The entire computerized system (ECS) page.

On the CABIN PRESS panel, the PRESS CONT pushbutton is pushed and the MAN legend comes on. It means:
@@The manual mode is selected.
The manual mode is not selected.
It is mandatory to push the MAN legend.

On the CABIN PRESS panel, the PRESS CONT pushbutton is pushed and the FAULT legend comes on. It means:
@@Both pressure controllers failed.
One pressure controller failed.
The fault is not related to the pressure controller.

Which components on other systems are utilized for the cabin pressurization system?
@@A weight-on-wheels (WOW) switch attached to the landing gear and a throttle position switch.
A weight-on-wheels (WOW) switch attached to the landing gear and a position sensor of flaps.
A weight-on-wheels (WOW) switch attached to the landing gear and a control column in cockpit.

What does the weight-on-wheels (WOW) switch do for the cabin pressurization system during ground operations and prior to takeoff?
@@The WOW switch typically controls the position of the pressurization safety valve, which is held in the open position until the aircraft takes off.
The WOW switch typically controls the position of the pressurization safety valve, which is held in the close position until the aircraft takes off.
The WOW switch belongs to the landing gear system and provides the signal to the computers which control the landing gear retraction after take off.

Which components in the cabin pressurization system may receive the signal of the weight-on- wheels (WOW) switch?
@@The pressurization controller, the safety valve or a pneumatic source valve that causes the safety valve to be held open.
The outflow valve, the safety valve or a pneumatic source valve that causes the safety valve to be held open.
The overflow valve, the safety valve or a pneumatic source valve that causes the safety valve to be held open.

What is the function of the throttle position switches in the cabin pressurization system?
@@Throttle position switches can be used to cause a smooth transition from an unpressurized cabin to a pressurized cabin.
Throttle position switches can be used to cause a smooth transition from a pressurized cabin to an unpressurized cabin.
Throttle position switches can be used to prevent the cabin and cockpit from the over pressure and negative pressure.

Which component controls the sequence of operation of the pressurization components until the aircraft lands?
@@The pressurization controller.
The weight-on-wheels (WOW) switch.
The throttle position switch.

What are the positions of the weight-on-wheels (WOW) switch?
@@WOW opens at takeoff and closes at landing.
WOW closes at takeoff and opens at landing.
WOW does not change at takeoff and landing.

How does the technician control the position of all valves from the cockpit panel for maintenance?
@@The technician has to switch the selector to the manual pressurization mode before controlling the valves.
The technician has to switch the selector to the automatic pressurization mode before controlling the valves.
The technician does not have to switch the selector to any mode before controlling the valves.

Which is the motor in the the outflow valve is used for the manual operation?
@@The DC motor.
The AC motor.
The pneumatic motor.

What is the relationship between the temperature and altitude in the troposhere layer?
@@The temperature decreases as the altitude increases.
The temperature decreases as the altitude decreases.
It depends on the area where is in the tropical, temperate, or polar zone.

What is the rate of change the temperature and the altitude in the troposhere layer?
@@It is about -2°C or -3.5°F for every 1000 feet of increase in altitude.
It is about +2°C or +3.5°F for every 1000 feet of increase in altitude.
It is about from +2°C to +3.5°C for every 1000 feet of increase in altitude.

Where is the ozone layer in the atmosphere?
@@The ozone layer is mainly found in the stratosphere.
The ozone layer is mainly found in the troposphere.
The ozone layer is mainly found in the mesosphere.

Which the layer of atmosphere does most civilian aviation take place in?
@@The troposphere.
The stratosphere.
The mesosphere.

Which section in engine the bleed air is extracted from?
@@Compressor section.
Turbine section.
Exhaust section.

What are the main air sources can supply for the aircraft pressurization and air conditioning?
@@Engines, APU, and ground cart.
Ground cart and compressed air reservoir.
Engines and compressed air reservoir.

How many main air sources can supply for the aircraft pressurization and air conditioning?
@@Three.
Two.
Four.

Which common component is used to supply air during passenger boarding?
@@APU.
Engine.
Ground cart.

Which air source is used  to cool the cabin if the air conditioning system is inoperative?
@@Ground-based air conditioner.
External air compressor unit.
Backup compressed air supplier.

Which the statement about the air recirculation in a large cabin turfan engine aircraft is correct?
@@Reuse up to 50%.
Reuse up to 60%
Reuse up to 40%.

The air source of small turbine aircraft comes from:
@@Jet pumpflow multiplier.
Low pressure compressor.
Low pressure turbine.

Which component is use to supply air in turboprop aircraft?
@@Turbo-compressor
Turbo-turbine.
Turbo-fan.

The pressurized air that is created from turboprop engine is stored in:
@@The pressure vessel.
The pneumatic cycinder.
The air container.

The components in the air cycle air conditioning system are:
@@Pack valve, heat exchangers, air cycle machine, water separator, bypass valve.
Receiver dryer, expansion valve, evaporator, compressor, condenser.
Pack valve, heat exchangers, air cycle machine, expansion valve, compressor.

What is the function of the pack valve in the air cycle air conditioning system?
@@The pack valve regulates bleed air from the pneumatic manifold into the air cycle air conditioning system
The pack valve releases bleed air to prevent the overpressure in the air cycle air conditioning system.
The pack valve changes the temperature of bleed air and supply it to the air cycle air conditioning system.

The conditioned air flow is ducted and released into cabin from:
@@Ceiling vents.
Floor-level vents.
Side wall vents.

The components in the vapor cycle air conditioning system are:
@@Receiver dryer, expansion valve, evaporator, compressor, condenser.
Pack valve, heat exchangers, air cycle machine, expansion valve, compressor.
Pack valve, heat exchangers, air cycle machine, water separator, bypass valve.

Which types of the refrigerant are used commonly in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@R12 and R134a.
R12 and R12a.
R134 and R134a.

What is the function of the receiver dryer in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@A reservoir contains the refrigerant.
A component dries the refrigerant.
A component heats the refrigerant.

The vapor cycle air conditioning system is:
@@A closed system.
An opened system.
A semi-closed system.

What is the normal route of the air flow in the air cycle air conditioning system?
@@Pack valve, primary heat exchanger, air cycle machine (compressor), secondary heat exchanger, air cycle machine (turbine), and water separator.
Pack valve, secondary heat exchanger, air cycle machine (turbine), primary heat exchanger, air cycle machine (compressor), and water separator.
Pack valve, primary heat exchanger, air cycle machine (turbine), secondary heat exchanger, air cycle machine (compressor), and water separator.

How is the heat carried from the cabin to the outside air in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@By a refrigerant which changes from a liquid to a vapour and back again.
By two heat exchangers: primary and secondary one.
By turbine section which expands the air to decrease the temperature in the cabin.

How can the air cycle machine turn?
@@The compressed air passes through and drives the turbine. The turbine drives the ACM.
There is an electric motor which drives the compressor and the turbine of the ACM.
The compressed air passes through and drives the compressor. The compressor drives the ACM.

What happens to the water separator if the ACM turbine outlet air is too cold?
@@The refrigeration bypass valve is designed to keep the air flowing through the water separator above freezing temperature.
The trim air valve will open to add more hot bleed air to the water separator for preventing the ice forming.
The trim air valve will close to reduce the cold air to the water separator for preventing the ice forming.

How does the water separator operate?
@@The water separator operates with no moving parts.
An electric motor turns the water separator to remove water.
Water will be removed from the air by the centrifugal force.

What is the normal route of the refrigerant in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@Receiver dryer, expansion valve, evaporator, compressor, condenser.
Receiver dryer, expansion valve, condenser, compressor, evaporator.
Receiver dryer, evaporator, expansion valve, compressor, condenser.

In the vapor cycle air conditioning system, the state of refrigerant in the evaporator is:
@@Low pressure and low temperature.
High pressure and low temperature.
High pressure and high temperature.

In the vapor cycle air conditioning system, the state of refrigerant in the condenser is:
@@High pressure and high temperature.
Low pressure and low temperature.
High pressure and low temperature.

In the vapor cycle air conditioning system, the form of refrigerant in the receiver dryer is:
@@Liquid.
Vapor.
Solid.

In the vapor cycle air conditioning system, the form of refrigerant in the compressor is:
@@Vapor.
Liquid.
Solid.

What is the function of the condenser in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@The condenser transfers the heat from the refrigerant to the outside air.
The condenser transfers the heat from the cabin air to the refrigerant.
The condenser transforms the refrigerant from liquid into vapor.

In the vapor cycle air conditioning system, the heat of the cabin air is absorbed into the refrigerant by:
@@Evaporator.
Condenser.
Expansion valve.

Where are the service valves in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@One valve is located in the high side of the system and the other in the low side.
One valve is located in the condenser and the other in the receiver dryer.
One valve is located in the evaporator and the other in the compressor.

Which is the position of the compressor isolation valve for normal flow of refrigerant in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@Fully open.
Fully close.
Intermediate position.

Which is the position of the compressor isolation valve for replacing the compressor in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@Fully close.
Fully open.
Intermediate position.

Which is the position of the compressor isolation valve for servicing the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@Intermediate position.
Fully close.
Fully open.

Which components are essential for servicing the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@A manifold set contains three hose fittings, two O-ring sealed valves, and two gauges.
A manifold set contains three hose fittings, three O-ring sealed valves, and two gauges.
A manifold set contains two hose fittings, two O-ring sealed valves, and two gauges.

What is the color of the hose for low side service in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@Blue.
Yellow.
Red.

What is the color of the hose for system service in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@Yellow.
Blue.
Red.

What is the color of the hose for high side service in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@Red.
Blue.
Yellow.

What components are necessary for emptying the system of refrigerant?
@@A service unit.
A manifold set.
A manifold set and a refrigerant container.

What is the purpose of the vacuum pump for the maintenance of the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@Removing all of water in the system.
Removing all of refrigerant in the system.
Removing all of air in the system.

The electronic infrared leak detector can detect leaks that would lose:
@@Less than 1/4 ounce of refrigerant per year.
Less than 1/2 ounce of refrigerant per year.
Less than 3/4 ounce of refrigerant per year.

In the vapor cycle air conditioning system, after replacing a component in the compressor.
@@Oil may be added due to the trapped oil in the replaced unit.
Refrigerant may be added due to the trapped refrigerant in the replaced unit.
Do not add anything.

How is the lack of the refrigerant detected in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@Bubbles present in the sight glass of the receiver dryer.
Bubbles present in the sight glass of the compressor.
Bubbles present in the sight glass of the expansion valve.

Which type of test should be done to verify the proper operation of a vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@A performance test.
A leak test.
An operational test.

Which components are essential to carry out the performance test of the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@A thermometer.
A service unit.
A manifold set.

The feel test of the vapor cycle air conditioning system is related to:
@@The temperature of the high side components is hot and the low side components is cool.
The operating the system and checking parameters to ensure they are in the normal range.
Make sure the quantity of the refrigerant in the system and the oil in the compressor are sufficient.

The temperature of the lines on both sides of the receiver dryer should be:
@@The same temperature on both sides of the receiver dryer.
The different temperature due to the different sides.
The different temperature due to the demand of cooled air.

Which tasks must be done before opening the vapor cycle air conditioning system for maintenance?
@@Purging the system.
Servicing the system.
Draining the system.

How is the oil quantity in the compressor crankcase checked?
@@Removing a filler plug and using a dip stick.
Checking the sight glass on the compressor.
Draining and measuring the oil quantity.

When is the vapor cycle air conditioning system charged?
@@Immediately after evacuation of the system is completed.
Immediately after drainage of the system is completed.
Immediately after purging the system is completed

Where is the temperature monitored?
@@Cabin, Cockpit, conditioned air ducts, and distribution air ducts.
Cabin, Cockpit, mixing chamber, and distribution air ducts.
Cabin, Cockpit, conditioned air ducts, and mixing chamber.

What happens if the air passes through the compressor and the turbine of the air cycle machine?
@@The pressure and temperature increases at the compressor outlet; and the pressure and temperature decreases at the turbine outlet.
The pressure and temperature decreases at the compressor outlet; and the pressure and temperature increases at the turbine outlet.
The pressure decreases at the compressor outlet; and the temperature increases at the turbine outlet.

How can the refrigeration bypass valve regulates the temperature of the ACM discharge air?
@@The refrigeration bypass valve opens and bypasses the warm air around the ACM into the upstream of the water separator.
The refrigeration bypass valve opens and bypasses the cool air around the ACM into the upstream of the water separator.
The refrigeration bypass valve closes and stops the warm air around the ACM into the upstream of the water separator.

How are the pack valves controlled and operated?
@@Pack valves are electrically controlled and pneumatically operated.
Pack valves are pneumatically controlled and electrically operated.
Pack valves are electrically controlled and electronically operated.

How can the heat exchanger change the temperature of the air inside the system in flight?
@@The ram air doors are modulated to increase or decrease ram air flow to the heat exchanger.
The pack valve doors are modulated to increase or decrease bleed air flow to the heat exchanger.
The pack valve doors are modulated to increase or decrease ram air flow to the heat exchanger.

What happens to the refrigerant if it passes through the evaporator in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@It transforms from the low pressure liquid into the low pressure/ low temperature vapor.
It transforms from the low pressure liquid into the high pressure/ low temperature vapor.
It transforms from the high pressure/ high temperature vapor into the high pressure liquid.

What happens to the refrigerant if it passes through the condenser in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@It transforms from the high pressure/ high temperature vapor into the high pressure liquid.
It transforms from the low pressure liquid into the high pressure/ low temperature vapor.
It transforms from the low pressure liquid into the low pressure/ low temperature vapor.

What happens to the receiver dryer if you see bubbles in its sight glass?
@@The receiver dryer needs to be serviced.
The receiver dryer is too hot.
The receiver dryer is too cold.

Why does the water in the receiver dryer have to be captured by the desiccant?
@@The refrigerant combines with water to form an acid. Acid can deteriorate the components and tubing in the system.
Water can change the temperature of the refrigerant and prevent the refrigerant from transforming from liquid into vapo.
The boiling point of water is different from the refrigerant's one, which can reduce the performance of the system.

What is the diffrence between the R134a valve fittings and Schrader valve fittings in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@The R134a valve fittings are a quick disconnect type.
The Schrader valve fittings are a quick disconnect type.
The R134a valve fittings attach to Schrader valve threads.

What are the gauges on the manifold set dedicated?
@@One for the low side of the system and the other for the high side.
One for the low temperature side of the system and the other for the high temperature side.
One for the liquid side of the system and the other for the vapor side.

What happens to the center fitting if the pressure valves of the manifold set are turned cloclwise and then counterlockwise?
@@The center fitting is isolated and then opened.
The center fitting is opened and then isolated.
The center fitting is not changed much.

Which type of refrigerant leak is the most difficult to detect in the vapor cycle air conditioning?
@@The leak from the old hoses.
The leak from the loose fitings.
The leak from the cracked components.

What should the quantity oil be added in the vapor cycle air conditioning system?
@@1/4 ounce of oil is added for 01 pound of refrigerant added to the system.
Oil should be added up to the "FULL" level notch on the sight glass.
Oil should be added until the bubbles in the sigh glass disappear.

A test involves operating the system and checking parameters to ensure they are in the normal range is:
@@A performance test.
A leak test.
An operational test.

How is the performance test of the vapor cycle air conditioning system carried out?
@@Measure the temperature of the air that is cooled by the evaporator.
Measure the temperature of the air that is heated by the condenser.
Measure the quantity of refrigerant in the system by manifold set.

Which tasks must be done for flushing the vapor cycle air condition system?
@@Removing the receiver dryer.
Removing the expansion valve.
Removing the evaporator.

What happens to the vapor cycle air conditioning system if there is the moisture in the system?
@@The moisture may freeze in the expansion valve, it could completely block the refrigerant flow.
The moisture may change the temperature and pressure of refrigerant of the system.
The moisture may cause the lack of the refrigerant and oil of the system.

Which is the valve mixes the warm bleed air that bypassed the air cycle cooling process with the cold air produced for the temperature control in cockpit and cabin?
@@The trim air valve.
The refrigeration bypass valve.
The expansion valve.

How do the temperature sensors in cabin and ducts operate?
@@The operation of these sensors are related to resistance, particularly the resistance changes as temperature changes.
The operation of these sensors are related to pressure, particularly the pressure changes as temperature changes.
The operation of these sensors are related to voltage, particularly the voltage changes as temperature changes.

How is the cabin humidity controlled in a water infiltration system?
@@Water is pumped from a holding tank and sprayed into the conditioned air before it is directed into the cabin.
The function of the water separator in the air cycle air conditioning system will be reduced to increase the humidity.
The condenser supplies the water into the system to control the humidity level in the cabin.

On turbine powered aircraft, the temperature controlled air from the air conditioning system is:
@@The air that is used to pressurize the cabin.
The air that is not used to pressurize the cabin.
The air that is used to change the refrigerant temperature.

Where are the temperature controller and the temperature control regulator located in aircraft?
@@They are located in the electronics bay.
They are located in the flight deck.
They are located in the cabin.

Where are the temperature selectors located in aircraft?
@@They are located in the flight deck and the cabin.
They are located in the electronics bay and the flight deck.
They are located in the cabin and the electronics bay.

How does the temperature controller operate as the temperature selector is adjusted?
@@The temperature controller compares the actual temperature signals received from the various sensors with the desired temperature input.
The temperature controller controls directly the air cycle machine to increase or decrease the quantity of the conditioned air flow into the cabin.
The temperature controller controls directly the pack valve to increase or decrease the quantity of the conditioned air flow into the cabin.

What is the type of temperature sensor used in cabin?
@@Thermistor.
Thermal switch.
Thermocouple.

What is the temperature selector?
@@A rheostat that varies its resistance as the knob is turned.
A rheostat that varies its voltage as the knob is turned.
A rheostat that varies its ampere as the knob is turned.

In order to control the cabin temperature, the electric signal output of the bridge circuit will be sent to:
@@The trim air valve.
The pack valve.
The bypass valve.

Which refrigerant is safer for the environment?
@@R134a
R12.
R13.

Which the statement about refrigerant is correct?
@@R12 and 134a should not be mixed.
R12 and 134a can be mixed in some special cases.
R12 an R134a are interchangeble fully.

Why is water in the refrigerant removed?
@@It prevents the component from deteriorating.
It increases the cooling efficiency.
It prevent the formation of air bubles.

What happens to the system if water exists in the refrigerant?
@@Ice is formed in the refrigerant and blocks the flow.
Water in the refrigerant vapourizes and forms air bubles.
The heat exchange of the system is inefficient

The compressor in the vapor cycle air conditioning system is designed to compress:
@@Vapor.
Liquid.
Vapor or liquid.

Which component is used commonly to detect the leak in pneumatic system ducting?
@@Continuous loop fire detector.
Fire spot detector.
Thermal switch.

Which component is used to detect the fire in the cabin, cargo bays, lavatories?
@@Smoke detector.
Thermal switch.
Continuous loop fire detector.

Which component is used to detect the overheat in the air conditioning systems?
@@Thermal switch.
Continuous loop fire detector.
Thermocouple.

What is the function of the continuous loop fire detector in the air conditioning system?
@@The continuous loop fire detector can detect the pneumatic leak from the pneumatic ducts.
The continuous loop fire detector can detect the overheat of the air conditioning system.
The continuous loop fire detector can detect the fire or smoke the air conditioning system.

Where are the continuous loop fire detectors located?
@@They will be run the length of pneumatic ducting or around a bay containing pneumatic lines such as the air conditioning and APU bays.
They will be installed around the area where have the risk of fire such as the avionic compartment and FWD/ AFT cargo compartment.
They will be installed in the area where have the risk of fire such as the avionic compartment, particularly on the electric and electronic components.

How is the pneumatic leak indicated?
@@Warning annunciations occur in the cockpit on the central warning panel.
Warning annunciations occur in the cabin on the flight attendant panel.
The color indicators in the air conditioning bay will change color as contacting the heat.

How do the thermal switches protect the air conditioning pack operation?
@@At the pack outlet before the air enters the distribution system, temperature detection switches shut down the pack should an overheat occur.
At the pack outlet before the air enters the distribution system, temperature detection switches reduce the temperature of the pack should an overheat occur.
At the pack outlet before the air enters the distribution system, temperature detection switches change the mode of the pack should an overheat occur.

What can technicians perform in case the overheat occurred due to a failure of the automatic temperature control system?
@@Technicians can reset and operate again the pack  manually.
Technicians can replace the air cycle machine by new one.
Technicians can perform the leak check of the whole system.

What happen if there is the smoke in  the cabin, cargo bays, or lavatories?
@@Warnings are indicated on the central warning system.
The smoke detectors warn every person in aircraft.
The fire will be extinguished automatically.

Which the cabin altitude will the excess cabin altitude sensors warn?
@@Around 10000 feet
Around 8000 feet
Around 6000 feet

How is the excess cabin altitude warned?
@@A warning is annunciated on the central warning system. The warning may be aural or visual.
A warning is annunciated on the flight attendant panel. The warning may be aural or visual.
A warning is annunciated on the flight attendant panel. The warning may be visual by changing colors.

What is the symptom the passengers have to suffer during the excess cabin altitude?
@@The hypoxia
The jet lag.
The dehydration.

What can the flight crew perform if there is the excess cabin altitude?
@@Flight crew may immediately utilize emergency oxygen to maintain control of the aircraft.
Flight crew may immediately lower the aircraft down to 8000 feet altitude.
Flight crew may immediately lower the aircraft down to 10000 feet altitude.
