Where was the Convention on International Civil Aviation held in 1944?
@@Chicago
New York
London

Which year was the ICAO established?
@@1947
1945
1944

How many ICAO members up to April 2019?
@@193
192
191

The Operator’s Aircraft Maintenance Schedule (AMS) is based on:
@@MPD
CMM
AMM

What is the ICAO?
@@International Civil Aviation Organization
International Civil Airlines Organization
International Civil Airport Organization

Aircraft technical logbook is used to:
@@Recording defects and malfunctions discovered during operation and for recording details of all maintenance carried out whilst the aircraft is operating between scheduled visits to the base maintenance facility
Record interval of maintenance task that is specified in aircratf maintenance program approved by authority where aircraft is registered
Record maintenance task of aircraft that are performed in base maintenance by approved maintenance orgnization

How many annexes are issued by ICAO?
@@19
18
20

What is the CAAV?
@@Civil Aviation Authority of Vietnam
Civil Aviation Organization of Vietnam
. Commercial Aviation Authority of Vietnam

What experience requirement for issuing AME license with privileges for the aircraft?
@@At least 2 years
At least 1 year
At least 18 months

Who is responsible for adopting the law on civil aviation of Vietnam?
@@National Assembly
Government
CAAV

Who is responsible to ensure that aviation operations in Vietnam meet the international standards for aviation safety ?
@@CAAV
Government
National Assembly

How many parts does Civil Aviation Authority of Vietnam consist of ?
@@23
19
22

Where is headquaters of ICAO ?
@@Montreal, Canada
Chicago, United States
New York, United States

What is CoA ?
@@Certificate of Airworthiness
Certficate of Aircraft Maintenance
Certifciate of Aircraft Aerodynamic

Which one is responsible for issued CoA ?
@@Contracting State
Aircraft Owners
Operators

A certificate of release to service for aircraft shall be issued by:
@@Appropriately authorised certifying staff
Appropriately qualify mechanic
Appropriately technical staff

When will a certificate of release to service for aircraft?
@@Before flight at the completion of any maintenance.
Before transit check
Before weekly heck

What is a "Aircraft Maintenance Program":
@@Is a document which describes the specific maintenance tasks and their frequency of completion, necessary for the continued safe operation of those aircraft to which it applies.
Is a document certifying maintenance work has been carried out correctly in accordance with the approved data and the processes in the maintenance exposition organization manual
Is a document attached to an aircraft for recording defects and malfunctions discovered during operation.

The Maintenance Program and any subsequent amendments shall be approved by:
@@The competent authority
The operator who own aircraft
The maintenance organisation

Whati is puropse of aircraft maintenance programs
@@To restore safety and reliability to their inherent levels when deterioration has occurred
To determine interval and threshold to organized a maintenance check
To restore airwothiness of aircraft before return to service

The AMS is also kept updated by additions/ amendments/ or intervals arising from:
@@Reliability Program Document.
Line Mainenance Manual
Mmairntenance Orgnization Exposition

Which format of maintenance orgnization expostion is acceptable by aviation authority?
@@Both hardcopy and electronic format
Hardcopy only
Electronic format only

Who is responsible for preparation maintenance orgnization exposition (MOE)
@@Approved Maintenance Organization (AMO)
Aircraft Owner
Operators (Airlines)

What is SARPs?
@@Standards and Recommended Practices issued by ICAO
Standards Aviation Recommended Practices is issued national authority
Standards Authority Recommended Practices issued by EASA

Who is responsible for adopting ICAO SARPs?
@@ICAO Council
Civil aviation authority who is member of ICAO
Operators

The Standards and Recommended Practices are used for:
@@Guide the civil aviation authorities actions around the world and address technical and operational aspects of international civil aviation
Guide the aircraft maintenance organization actions around the world and address technical and operational aspects of aircraft maintenance
Guide the aircraft operators  actions around the world and address technical and operational aspects of aircraft for flight safety

DOC 7192 is a document issued by ICAO to provide information related to
@@Training manual
Flight manual
Aircraft maintenance manual

A licenced engineer who is convicted to a drug or alcohol-related offense may be denied any license for a period of up to:
@@12 months
18 months
24 months

The ICAO’s organizational structure consists of:
@@A secretariat and three main bodies
A secretariat and four main bodies
A secretariat and five main bodies

How often will the Assembly be convened?
@@Every 3 years
Annually
Every 2 years

What is SIP ?
@@Structural integrity programme
Supplemental Inspections Programme
Structural Inspections Programme

What is AMO ?
@@Approved Maintenance Organisation
Approved Manufacturer Organisation
Application Management Outsourcing

The design of the controls and control systems shall be such that:
@@Each control and control system shall operate with the ease, smoothness and precision appropriate to its function
Adequate strength shall be provided to withstand the vibration and buffeting that might occur in the anticipated operating conditions.
Shall be designed to be free from flutter, structural divergence, and loss of control due to structural deformation

For what kind of aircraft we need to designed, arranged and physically separated aeroplane systems to maximize the potential for continued safe flight and landing after any event resulting in damage to the aeroplane structure or systems?
@@For aeroplanes of a maximum certificated take-off mass in excess of 45 500 kg or with a passenger seating capacity greater than 60
For aeroplanes of a maximum certificated take-off mass in excess of 50 000 kg or with a passenger seating capacity greater than 70
For aeroplanes of a maximum certificated take-off mass in excess of 45 000 kg or with a passenger seating capacity greater than 60

What is AD stand for ?
@@Airworthiness Directive
Architectural Design
Address Data

All maintenance work for aircraft shall be performed by
@@Qualified Personnel
Component certifying staff
Qualified Mechanic

How many techniques do we have for Fail-Safe design?
@@4 techniques
5 techniques
3 techniques

If the operators want to operating any of their aircraft, the maintenance and any associated part of the aircraft must be carried out by:
@@An AMO approved by the State of Registry or by another Contracting State that is acceptable by the State of Registry
An MRO approved by the State of Registry or by another Contracting State that is acceptable by the State of Registry
A person approved by the State of Registry or by another Contracting State that is acceptable by the State of Registry

Which of the following not include in maintenance record?
@@Signature and approval certificate of operator or manufacturer
Signature and license or authorization number of the certifying personnel
Component time since new (TSN), time since overhaul (TSO) and, if applicable, cycles since new and cycles since overhaul

Detailed maintenance records should be keep for at least:
@@1 year after the signing of the maintenance release
2 years after the signing of the maintenance release
3 years after the signing of the maintenance release

How many categories are ADs generally divided belong to compliance period?
@@2
1
3

Which of the following is NOT include in the contents of ADs
@@Refer document, job card, the preventive action
Equipment or instrument type, model and serial numbers affected
The aircraft, engine, propeller affected

What is objective of design aeroplane structure with instructions for its maintenance and repair ?
@@Avoiding hazardous and catastrophic failure
Avoiding catastrophic and operational life failure
Avoiding hazardous and operational life failure

The maintenance record should be kept in a form and manner acceptable by?
@@State of Registry and State of the Operator
State of ATO or State of the CAMO
State of Authority and State of AMO

The operator is required to ensure that:
@@Certificate of Airworthiness of each aircraft they operate remains valid
The contents of ADs include the aircraft, engine, propeller, equipment or instrument type, model and serial numbers affected
A maintenance programme approved by the State of Registry for the use and guidance of maintenance and operational personnel

What is the meaning of Redundancies?
@@Avoid single point failures
Avoid critical failure
Avoid system failure

What is Airworthiness Directives prescribes ?
@@The conditions or limitations under which the aeronautical products may continue to be operated.
Temporary actions to be taken in order to return aircraft to service
Quality notice from customers or operator related to airworthiness safety

Why we need to provided control of engine rotation for the crew?
@@Provided the crew to stop the rotation of the failed engine in flight or to reduce it to a safe level
Provided the crew to manage speed of aircraft due to control of engine rotation
Minimize the hazards to the aeroplane in the event of failure of engine rotating parts, or an engine fire which burns through the engine case

Why we need to arranged engines and their associated systems isolated from each other ?
@@So that the failure or malfunction of any engine, or of any system that can affect the engine will not prevent the continued safe operation of the remaining engine(s)
So that the failure or malfunction of any engine, or of any system can not affect the engine and require immediate action by any crew member for continued safe operation of the remaining engine(s).
So that the failure or malfunction of any engine, or of any system that can not lead to failure of that engine or any system related

All structural elements of an aircraft shall be designed to ?
@@Withstand the maximum loads expected in service under all anticipated operating conditions without failure, permanent distortion or loss of functionality
Shall sustain detrimental deformation at any load up to and including the limit load, and the aeroplane structure shall be capable of supporting the ultimate load.
Shall operate with the ease, smoothness and precision appropriate to its function; any single failure not shown to be extremely improbable in the control system

Structural deformation of an aircraft can cause:
@@Loss of control
Vibration
Buffeting

Why we need to permanently marked each element of each flight control system?
@@To minimize the probability of any incorrect assembly that could result in the malfunction of the system
To minimize the possibility of fatige and loosen during operation
To minimize the possibility of damage to components during operation

What is the purpose of having a testing and analysis in Safe-life design ?
@@To estimate how long the component can be in service before it will likely fail
To prevent catastrophic failure
To prevent damage to expensive or difficult to repair component

What is the Accelerate-stop distance?
@@The distance required to accelerate and stop or, for a seaplane to accelerate and come to a satisfactorily low speed
The distance required to accelerate and stop or, for a seaplane to accelerate and come to fully stop
The distance required to take off and landing or, for a seaplane to take off and come to a satisfactorily low altitude

What is meant by “Fail-Safe”?
@@Designs that incorporate various techniques to mitigate losses due to system or component failures. The design assumption is that failure will eventually occur but when it does the device, system or process will fail in a safe manner.
The component or system is designed to not fail within a certain, defined period. It is assumed that testing and analysis can provide an adequate estimate for the expected lifetime of the component or system. At the end of this expected life, the part is removed from service.
If failure of a critical subsystem will cause severe losses, backup systems are often employed, if a structural element fails, the load it was carrying will be transferred to other members

Which below is NOT the techniques for Fail-Safe Design?
@@Extensive testing
Early dection
Redundancies

Can an aircraft take off in case the critical engine failed, with the remaining engine(s) being operated?
@@In case the critical engine failed, with the remaining engine(s) being operated, A/C can take off
In case the critical engine failed, with the remaining engine(s) being operated, A/C can not take off
In case the critical engine failed, with the remaining engine(s) being operated, A/C can take off if not have passengers on board

What is limit loads for structure characteristics and strength?
@@The external loads and the corresponding inertia loads, or resisting loads obtained for the various loading conditions
The maximum loads and the corresponding dynamic loads due to changes to the steady state configuration
Flight control loads and the corresponding cabin pressurization loads due to changes to the steady configurations

If failure of a critical subsystem will cause severe losses, another systems are often employed. What is it?
@@Back-up system
Multiple load path system
Weak link system

What type of material can withstand large cracks before fracturing?
@@High fracture toughness
Fatigue fracture
Stress fracture

Maintenance programme of the operator is required to be approved by:
@@State of Registry
State of the manufacture
State of the DOA

What is “Physical Law” techniques?
@@Designing a system in such a way that failure cannot be catastrophic based on how failure will occur
An inexpensive and easy to replace component may be used to prevent damage to expensive or difficult to repair component
Designing a system in such a way that avoid single point failures

A maintenance programme which should contain the following information:
@@Maintenance tasks and intervals specified and identified as mandatory in approval of the type design
Reliability programme descriptions for aircraft systems
Program for correct the defer defect

Engine test shall include at least the following:
@@Power calibration test, Operation test, Endurance test
Endurance test and Power calibration test
Balance test, Operation test, Endurance test

Structure test include test of ?
@@Fail safe, Safe Life, Damage Tolerant
Redundancies, Intentional “Weak Link”, Physical Law
Engine Test, Flight Test Plan, Early Detection

In flight test plan, shall the aeroplane be capable of making a climb-out in the event of a balked landing with?
@@All engine(s) operating
Only one engine operating
Yes,with APU start

What is AOC?
@@Air Operator Certificates
Aircraft Operation Center
Aircraft Operation Control

Who can issued or denied an AOC?
@@CAAV
VAECO
VNA

Which type of Aircraft is not required to have Emergency evacuation demonstration unless the CAAV determines that there is an operational need for this evaluation.?
@@Aircraft configured for 19 or less passengers
Aircraft configured for 29 or less passengers
Aircraft configured for 39 or less passengers

What is AMT ?
@@Aviation Maintenance Technician
Aircraft Maintenance Technical
Aircraft Manual Technical

An applicant for an aviation repair specialist licence shall:
@@Be at least 18 years of age
Be at least 16 years of age
Be at least 24 years of age

What is ARS ?
@@Aviation Repair Specialist
Aircraft Repair Scheduled
Aircraft Repair Specialist

Standard Airworthiness Certificates will be issued for aircraft by?
@@By the State of Design in the type certificate
By the State of Operator in the type certificate
By the State of Manufacturer in the type certificate

Special Airworthiness Certificate might be issued for an aircraft by?
@@CAAV
VNA
VAECO

Export Certificate of Airworthiness for aircraft registered in Vietnam that are being exported to the registry of another Contracting State might be issued by?
@@CAAV
VNA
VAECO

Aircraft type ratings might be endorsed by the CAAV for aircraft with a take-off gross weight of:
@@More than 5700kg
Less than 5700kg
More than 5000kg

How many level of aircraft and helicopter license that the CAAV may endorse an AMT licence and associated ratings and condition to maintain the validity of license for?
@@4 levels: A,B1,B2,C
5 levels: A1,A2,B1,B2,C
3 levels: A,B,C

AMT Licence ratings Sublevel A1 and B1.1 are for:
@@Turbine engine aircraft
Piston engine aircraft
Piston engine helicopter

AMT Licence ratings Sublevel A2 and B1.2 are for:
@@Piston engine aircraft
Turbine engine aircraft
Piston engine helicopter

AMT Licence ratings Sublevel A3 and B1.3 are for:
@@Turbine engine helicopters
Piston engine aircraft
Turbine engine aircraft

All licenses issued by the CAAV has a term of :
@@5 years
3 years
2 years

All equipment installed on an aircraft, supplies used for the operation and maintenance of the aircraft must be provided from:
@@An approved supplier in accordance with the procedure approved or acceptable by the CAAV
An approved supplier in accordance with the procedure approved or acceptable by the customers
An approved supplier in accordance with the procedure approved or acceptable by the operators

CAAV VAR Part 4 applicable to:
@@The owners and operators of aircraft registered in Vietnam and the persons and organizations that provide maintenance services for these aircraft.
The manufacturer and operators of aircraft registered in Vietnam and the persons and authority that provide maintenance services for these aircraft.
The customer of aircraft registered in Vietnam and the persons and organizations that provide maintenance services for these aircraft.

Which of the following below is not contain in ATO Certificate?
@@Specific avionics equipment or groupings of equipment
The terms of approval, including: Locations of operations and Training specifications, as applicable.
The organisation’s name and location (main place of business)

What is duration of ATO certificate issued by the CAAV?
@@36 calendar months, unless surrendered, suspended, or revoked
48 calendar months, unless surrendered, suspended, or revoked
72 calendar months, unless surrendered, suspended, or revoked

What is ATO ?
@@Approved Training Organization
Air Traffic Organization
Authorized Training Organization

Privileges applied to aircraft maintenance technician staff with a certificate of AMT level A?
@@Allows aircraft maintenance technician signing the completion of maintenance for outdoor maintenance in small as planned or repair simple failures within duty specified in the license. Privilege to sign completion of maintenance is limited in the scope of the work that the certificate was directly carried out at an approved maintenance organization in accordance with CAAV VAR Part 5.
Allows aircraft maintenance technician to sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on the electrical and electronic systems of the aircraft
Allows aircraft maintenance technician to sign certifying completion of maintenance after implementation maintenance work planned on aircraft. This applies to all aircraft in the approved maintenance organization in accordance with CAAV VAR Part 5.

Privileges applied to aircraft maintenance technician staff with a certificate of AMT level B2?
@@Allows aircraft maintenance technician to sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on the electrical and electronic systems of the aircraft
Allows aircraft maintenance technician signing the completion of maintenance for outdoor maintenance in small as planned or repair simple failures within duty specified in the license. Privilege to sign completion of maintenance is limited in the scope of the work that the certificate was directly carried out at an approved maintenance organization in accordance with CAAV VAR Part 5.
Allows aircraft maintenance technician to sign certifying completion of maintenance after implementation maintenance work planned on aircraft. This applies to all aircraft in the approved maintenance organization in accordance with CAAV VAR Part 5.

Privileges applied to aircraft maintenance technician with a certificate of AMT level C?
@@Allows aircraft maintenance technician to sign certifying completion of maintenance after implementation maintenance work planned on aircraft. This applies to all aircraft in the approved maintenance organization in accordance with CAAV VAR Part 5.
Allows aircraft maintenance technician to sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on the electrical and electronic systems of the aircraft
Allows aircraft maintenance technician signing the completion of maintenance for outdoor maintenance in small as planned or repair simple failures within duty specified in the license. Privilege to sign completion of maintenance is limited in the scope of the work that the certificate was directly carried out at an approved maintenance organization in accordance with CAAV VAR Part 5.

CAAV VAR PART 7 applicable to?
@@All persons seeking licences under the aviation regulations of Vietnam and the persons and organizations that provide and supervise the required training, experience and authorisations
The owners and operators of aircraft registered in Vietnam and the persons and organizations that provide maintenance services for these aircraft.
ARS and CRS staff seeking licences under the aviation regulations of Vietnam

The initially purpose of air travel is
@@For military.
For transportation of rich people.
For transportation of all kind of people.

When did the travelling really become popular
@@1970s
1950s
1990s.

When was CAAV established?
@@1956
1946
1966

When was VNA established officially?
@@1993
1983
1973

Which type of next – generation aircraft that makes VNA become the first airline in the world to successfully operate at the same time?
@@Boeing 787-9 and Airbus A350.
Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner and Airbus A330.
Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner and Airbus A350

How can the international flight be defined?
@@Flight through 2 or more countries.
Flight through more than 4 countries.
Flight through more than 3 countries.

Which is the hybrid airline in Vietnam ?
@@Bamboo Airlines.
Vietjet Air.
Vietnam Airlines.

Which airlines are the 4-star airline in Vietnam ?
@@Vietnam Airlines.
Vietjet Air.
Bamboo Airlines.

In the period from 1976 to 1989, which is the responsibility of General Department of Civil Aviation of Vietnam?
@@Performing the econonic tasks of civil aviation and serving national defense.
Performing only the economic tasks of civil aviation.
Only for serving national defense

How many job in other industries can be created by each job in air transport according to the research of ICAO in Circular 292-AT/124 about Economic contribution of civil aviation ?
@@More than 5.5
Less than 5
Less than 3

When did VNA became an official member of IATA ?
@@2006
2007
2000

When did VNA first received a 4-Star certificate from Skytrax ?
@@12/07/2016
12/07/2017
12/07/2006

What is AOC?
@@Air Operator Certificate.
Approved Operator Certificate.
Approved Operator Center.

Which one below is NOT a items that warrant immediate notification to the CAAV by telephone/telex/fax, with a written follow-on report as soon as possible but no later than within 72 hours of discovery ?
@@Brake wheel is HOT
Primary structural failure
Engine structure failure

The maintenance control manual is a part of ?
@@Flight safety documents system.
Flight training document.
Crew operation document.

The maintenance control manual is established by ?
@@The operator.
The DOA.
CAAV.

The person signing the maintenance release for Vietnam registed aircraft shall be licensed in accordance with ?
@@VAR Part 7.
VAR Part 5.
VAR Part 12.

The aircraft maintenance schedule is updated, revised by ?
@@AOC.
ATO
AMO

The aircraft maintenance schedule of Vietnam registed aircraft is approved by ?
@@CAAV.
AOC.
The aircraft manufacturer.

In the case of a major repair or major modification, the work must have been done in accordance with ?
@@Technical data approved by the CAAV.
Technical data approved by the AOC.
Technical data approved by the AMO.

How long the detailed maintenance records to show that all requirements for signing of a maintenance release have been met shall be kept ?
@@For a minimum of 1 year after the signing of the maintenance release.
For a minimum of 2 year after the signing of the maintenance release.
For a minimum of 3 year after the signing of the maintenance release.

The record of all servicing of fuel and oil, defects, trend monitoring and maintenance tasks and tests on that aircraft during the course of its operations is contained in
@@Journey/Technical Log.
AOC Certificate.
Quality assurance records.

The AOC holder shall have an inspection programme and a programme covering other maintenance, preventive maintenance, and modifications to ensure that
@@Maintenance, preventive maintenance, and modifications performed in accordance with the AOC holder's maintenance control manual; Each aircraft released to service is airworthy and has been properly maintained for operation.
Maintenance, preventive maintenance, and modifications performed in accordance with the AMO's maintenance organization exposition.
No need to have an inspection program covering other maintenance, preventive maintenance, and modifications.

Which information NOT included in Aircraft maintenance schedule ?
@@Name and address of aircraft maintenance organization;
Type, model and manufacturer’s serial number of aircraft, engines and propellers;
Nationality and registration mark of aircraft for which the maintenance Schedule applies

An AOC holder which is not approved as an AMO may
@@Perform and certify routine and non-routine maintenance, preventive maintenance, or inspections for maintenance release, if authorized by the AOC holder’s operations specifications, as provided in its maintenance programme and maintenance control manual.
Not perform and certify routine and non-routine maintenance, preventive maintenance, or inspections for maintenance release, if authorized by the AOC holder’s operations specifications, as provided in its maintenance programme and maintenance control manual.
perform and certify routine and non-routine maintenance, preventive maintenance, or inspections for maintenance release, if authorized by the AOC holder’s operations specifications, as provided in its quality manual

Who is review and approve the AOC holder's Maintenance Control Manual or portion of this manual?
@@CAAV.
AOC.
AMO.

What is the document the Vietnam AOC holder provide to the CAAV, and to the State of Registry of the aircraft, if different from the Authority, for the use and guidance of maintenance and operational personnel concerned?
@@AOC holder's maintenance control manual and subsequent amendments.
AOC holder's Quality Manual and Aircraft Maintenance Procedures
AOC holder's Standard Operation Manual and Maintenance Organisation Exposition

As of 5 November 2020, the Vietnam operator shall not operate an aeroplane unless maintenance on the aeroplane, including any associated engine, propeller and part, is carried out by
@@An approved organization complying with VAR Part 5 or by an organization approved by another Contracting State and is accepted by the CAAV.
An approved organization complying with VAR Part 9 and accepted by CAAV
An approved organization complying with VAR Part 4 and accepted by CAAV

The AOC holder shall ensure that the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and modification of its aircraft/ aeronautical products are performed in accordance with
@@Maintenance control manual and/or current instructions for continued airworthiness, and applicable aviation regulations
Standard operating procedure of the company and current instructions for continued airworthiness only.
Aircraft maintenance schedule and maintenance control manual only

When conducting commercial air transport operations, the AOC holder shall have assigned persons who are responsible for management and supervision of the following areas?
@@Flight operations; The maintenance system; Crew training; Ground operations; Safety.
Flight operations; The maintenance system; Workshop maintenance, Base Maintenance, Line Maintenance
Flight operations; The maintenance system; Crew training; Ground handling system

Who will approve a system of maintenance for aircraft not registered in Vietnam ?
@@State of Registry
AMO
DOA

Procedures for the reporting of failures, malfunctions, and defects in accordance with Part 5, to the CAAV, State of Registry and the State of Design:
@@Within 72 hours of discovery
Within 36 hours of discovery
Within 24 hours of discovery

If the AOC holder does not use the Aircraft Technical Log as the primarily record keeping method, the actual method to be used must be approved separately by ?
@@CAAV.
OEM
DOA

Fuel and oil records shall be retained by the operator for a period of ?
@@Three calendar months
Six calendar months
Two calendar months

The AOC holder's aircraft maintenance programme should be based on
@@Maintenance programme information made available by the State of Design or by the organization responsible for the type design, and any additional applicable experience.
Standard operating procedure made available by an ACO or actual experience during maintenance
Maintenance programme information made available by the DOA or OEM and additional applicable experience of an AMO during maintenance

Which principles shall the design and application of the maintenance programme observe ?
@@Human Factors
SMS Principle
Safety Principle

The AOC holder shall prepare management system of aircraft maintenance including :
@@Servicing procedure for each type of aircraft.
Security procedure for passenger.
Ground operation for aircraft in ramp.

What is MEL?
@@Minimum Equipment List.
Maintenance Equipment List.
Maximum Equipment List.

Quality assuarance programme of an AOC holder contains procedures designed to:
@@Verify that all operations are being conducted in accordance with all applicable requirements, standards and procedures.
Clearly define lines of safety accountability throughout the operator’s organization, including a direct accountability for safety on the part of senior management.;
Ensure that all contracted maintenance is carried out in accordance with the contract

Who will be designated for monitoring compliance with procedures required to ensure safe operational practices and airworthy aircraft?
@@Qualified auditor.
Qualified mechanic.
Qualified pilot.

Who establish a quality assurance programme of Vietnam operator?
@@AOC holder.
CAAV.
Vietnam Ministry of Transport.

Who accept the quality assurance programme of Vietnam operator?
@@CAAV.
AOC.
ATO

The AOC holder shall have a safety management system acceptable to the CAAV which implements requirements and framework specified in
@@Subpart I of VAR Part 1.
Subpart G of VAR Part 4.
Subpart A of VAR Part 10.

If AOC holder operates aeroplanes with a certificated take-off mass in excess of 20,000 kg or helicopters in excess of 7000 kg and/or more than 9 passengers when fitted with a flight data recorder, the AOC holder shall establish and maintain a flight data analysis program and report to CAAV on the fleet operation under issued AOC
@@Monthly.
Weekly.
Quarterly.

The required inspections of aircraft maintenance shall be performed by :
@@The person performing the inspection is appropriately compliance with regulatory requirements of the approved quality system or quality management system.
Anyone can perform required inspections of aircraft maintenance except unauthorised technical staff and not directly involved maintenance person
The person performing the inspection is CAAV inspector, qualified auditor, certify staff level C and B1

The AOC holder shall ensure that each quality system includes :
@@A quality assurance programme that contains procedures designed to verify that all operations are being conducted in accordance with all applicable requirements, standards and procedures.
Procedures to ensure that the passenger security check activities are being conducted in accordance with all applicable regulation and suitable for each airport operation.
A safety programme that contains procedure signed to operating the aircraft and procedures to make sure that all maintenance operation are being conducted in accordance with authority regulations.

Which of the following is not include in the maintenance control manual ?
@@The quality audit programme, and the quality auditor(s) manager, shall be acceptable to the CAAV.
A description of the required maintenance procedures
A reference to the required maintenance programme

Who approve the management system of aircraft maintenance ?
@@CAAV.
AOC.
AMO.

AOC holder’s maintenance control manual must contain :
@@The required programmes that must be followed in performing maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alterations of the AOC holder’s aircraft.
The procedures for passenger transportation, cargo shipping and delivery dangerous good
The procedures for crew training, maintenance personnel licensing and training

Which document contains the procedures and materials for the implementation and certify completion regular check of aircraft (CRS-SMI), certificates of maintenance review (CMR) and certification release to service (CRS) ?
@@AOC holder’s maintenance control manual.
AOC holder’s Certificate.
Aircraft technical log.

Who is establish and maintain a system of analysis and continued monitoring of the performance and efficiency of the maintenance programme, in order to correct any deficiency in that programme ?
@@AOC holder.
CAAV.
ATO.

Quality assuarance programme of an AOC holder is a part of:
@@SMS programme
Aircraft maintenance procedure
Aircraft maintenance schedule

Which of the following is not include in management system of aircraft maintenance:
@@A description of the procedures for advising the State of Registry of significant in-service occurrences, including failures, malfunctions and defects as required by Section 4.047.
Policies for the usage of manufacturer’s maintenance instruction manuals and other documents relating to technical services of aircraft;
List of all forms used for maintenance and other aircraft-related technical tasks and clear explanation of purpose and method for using those forms.

What is CMR?
@@Certificates of maintenance review
Certificates of management review
Compliance monitoring review

What is the AMO?
@@Approved Maintenance Organizations
Aircraft Maintenance Organizations
Aviation Maintenance Organizations

Which VAR part prescribe the requirements to approve Approved Maintenance Organization?
@@VAR Part 5
VAR Part 4
VAR Part 7

Who is responsible for issuing a maintenance organization approval?
@@CAAV
The Operator
Customer

The AMO certificate page will be signed by:
@@CAAV
AMO
Customer

Where will the AMO certificate be displayed?
@@AMO’s facility
CAAV
Customer

What is the privileges of AMO?
@@Maintain aircraft or aircraft component for which it is rated at the location identified in the approval certificate.
Maintain aircraft or aircraft component for any location according to CAAV regulations
Maintain aircraft, tool and equipment for any location when there is request from customer

Who is responsible for issuing a maintenance release of work has been performed satisfactorily by the non-certificated person?
@@AMO holder
Non-certificated person
Customer

What is the limitation of AMO?
@@Maintain an aircraft or aircraft component for which it is approved only
Depend on the actual situation
No limit require

Who is responsible for issuing a waiver?
@@CAAV
AMO
Customer

Who is responsible for terminating or amending the waiver?
@@CAAV
AMO
Customer

The accountable manager of AMO will be accepted by:
@@CAAV
VNA
VAECO

What is the responsible of accountable manager?
@@Ensuring that all necessary resources are available to accomplish maintenance required to support the AMO's approval
Manage maintenance works, ensure all maintenance works will be performed according to regulations
Perform maintenance works, inspection and investigation when required

What is the responsible of base maintenance manager ?
@@Ensuring that all maintenance required to be carried out in the hangar, plus any defect rectification carried out during base maintenance, is carried out to specified design and quality standards;
Ensuring that all maintenance required to be carried out on the line, including line defect rectification, is performed to the required standards;
Ensuring that all work on aircraft components is performed to required standards and any corrective action resulting from quality compliance monitoring.

Who is directly responsible to the accountable manager?
@@Nominated managers
Maintenance staff
Certifying staff

The person signing maintenance release or an approval for return to service shall be qualified in accordance with:
@@VAR Part 4 and VAR Part 7
VAR Part 9 and Part 6
VAR Part 5 and Part 7

Who is responsible to establish the training programme?
@@AMO
CAAV
Customer

The training programme includes:
@@Training in knowledge and skills
Training in regulations and practical
Training in experiment and human factor

Who is responsible to perform the training of certifying staffs?
@@AMO or an institute selected by the AMO
Authorised training organisation approved by CAAV
Human Resource Division and Safety and Quality Department

Continuation training should cover:
@@Changes in AMO procedures
Changes of certifying staff
Change customer

Who is responsible for maintaining a roster of certifying staff ?
@@AMO
Customer
CAAV

What information should be included in the roster of certifying staff?
@@Details of the scope of their authorisation
AMO raitings and opspecs
Human Factor and CDCCL training

Who can access to certifying staff’s record?
@@Authorized person.
Maintenance manager
Any employee

How long will certifying staff’s record be kept?
@@At least 24 months after that person has ceased employment with the AMO
At least 18 months after that person has ceased employment with the AMO
At least 12 months after that person has ceased employment with the AMO

What will certifying staff receive when leaving the AMO?
@@A copy of their record
Customer certificate
Personnel roster

Which form is the CAAV application form of AMO approval?
@@CAAV FSSD Form 512B
CAAV FSSD Form 513B
CAAV FSSD Form 514B

How long the CAAV need to check the applicant records from the date of receipt of application; notice to the applicant if the application is denied ?
@@Within 3 working days
Within 4 working days
Within  5  working days

How long  the CAAV need to give an official notification of AMO inspection schedule to AMO from the date of receipt of application?
@@Within 7 working days
Within 6 working days
Within 5 working days

What is the responsible of line maintenance manager ?
@@Ensuring that all maintenance required to be carried out on the line, including line defect rectification, is performed to the required standards;
Ensuring that all maintenance required to be carried out in the hangar, plus any defect rectification carried out during base maintenance, is carried out to specified design and quality standards;
Ensuring that all work on aircraft components is performed to required standards and any corrective action resulting from quality compliance monitoring.

In which condition the CAAV issue an AMO certificate to an AMO  applicant?
@@After investigation and the applicant meets the applicable regulations and standards for the holder of an AMO
After AMO send an application form and CAAV review
After CAAV audit AMO and AMO could responde to any finding or comment from CAAV

How long is the validity of a maintenance organization located outside Vietnam?
@@12 months
28 months
24 months

How much time does the CAAV need to issue a renewal AMO certificate from the date of application receipt?
@@Within 20 days
Within 10 days
Within 30 days

How much time  does the CAAV need to approve an amendment of AMO certificate from the date of application receipt?
@@Within 20 days
Within 10 days
Within 30 days

Where will the rating of AMO be specified ?
@@AMO Operations Specification pages
AMO certificate page
AMO certificate introduction page

How many class of aircraft ratings?
@@7
6
5

Aircraft rating class 7 is:
@@Aircraft composed primarily of composite material, over 5,700 kg maximum certificated takeoff weight
Aircraft composed primarily of composite material, of 5,700 kg maximum certificated takeoff weight or less
Aircraft using turbo fan, of 5000 kg maximum certificated takeoff weight or less

How many class of powerplant ratings?
@@3
2
1

Powerplant rating class 3 is:
@@Turbojet and turbofan engines
Turbopropeller and turboshaft engines
Reciprocating engines

How many class of propeller ratings?
@@2
3
4

Propeller ratings class 2 is:
@@Variable-pitch propellers
Fixed-pitch propellers
Fixed-pitch and ground-adjustable propellers

How many class of avionic ratings?
@@3
2
1

Avionic ratings class 1 is:
@@Communication equipment
Navigational equipment
Pulsed equipment

Avionic ratings class 2 is:
@@Navigational equipment
Communication equipment
Pulsed equipment

Computer systems ratings class 1 is:
@@Aircraft computer systems
Powerplant computer systems
Avionics computer systems

Computer systems ratings class 3 is:
@@Avionics computer systems
Powerplant computer systems
Aircraft computer systems

Instrument ratings class 1 is:
@@Mechanical
Electrical
Gyroscopic

Accessory ratings class 1 is:
@@Mechanical
Electrical
Electronic

What is the limited ratings of AMO?
@@CAAV issues a limited rating to an AMO that maintains or alters only a particular type of airframe, powerplant, propeller …
Manufacture issues a limited rating to an AMO that maintains or alters only a particular type of airframe, powerplant, propeller …
Operator issues a limited rating to an AMO that maintains or alters only a particular type of airframe, powerplant, propeller …

Aircraft rating class 6 is:
@@Aircraft composed primarily of composite material, of 5,700 kg maximum certificated takeoff weight or less;
Aircraft composed primarily of composite material, over 5,700 kg maximum certificated takeoff weight.
Aircraft (other than rotorcraft and aircraft composed primarily of composite material) of 5,700 kg maximum certificated takeoff weight or less;

Who is allowed to sign certifying completion of maintenance after implementation maintenance work planned on aircraft at VAR Part 5 AMO?
@@The Category C certifying staff.
The Category B certifying staff.
The Accountable Manager.

The privileges of AMT licence level B2 is:
@@Sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on the electrical and electronic system of the aircraft
Signing the completion of maintenance for outdoor maintenance in small as planned or repair simple failures within duty specified in the licence.
Sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on the aircraft structure, propulsion systems and engine and electric systems.

The privileges of AMT licence level B1 is:
@@Sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on the aircraft structure, systems and propulsion systems engine and electric
Sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on the electrical and electronic system of the aircraft
Signing the completion of maintenance for outdoor maintenance in small as planned or repair simple failures within duty specified in the licence.

An applicant for an AMT licence and rating shall:
@@Not less than 18 years of age.
There is no Age limitation.
Not less than 21 years of age.

How many level of AMT licence and associate ratings CAAV endorse ?
@@4 level: A, B1, B2,C
3 level: A,B,C
5 level: A. B1. B2. C1, C2

What kind of ratings for aircraft maintenance technicians that the CAAV may issue ?
@@Airframe and Powerplant ratings
Airframe and Structure ratings
Powerplant and Structure ratings

The privileges of AMT licence level A is:
@@Signing the completion of maintenance for outdoor maintenance in small as planned or repair simple failures within duty specified in the licence.
Sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on the electrical and electronic system of the aircraft
Sign completion of maintenance after performing maintenance work on the aircraft structure, systems and propulsion systems engine and electric

What is AMT licence?
@@Aviation Maintenance Technician Licence
Aircraft Maintenance Technical Licence
Airworthiness Maintenance Technical Lincence

Sub-level A4 and B1.4 of an AMT licence is about:
@@Piston engine helicopter
Turbine engine helicopters;
Piston engine aircraft

Sublevel A2 and B1.2 of an AMT licence is about:
@@Piston engine aircraft;
Turbine engine helicopters;
Piston engine helicopter

What is ARS ?
@@Aviavtion Repair Specialist
Aircraft Repair Supervisor
Airworthiness Repair Supporter

What language shall the applicant for an ARS licence shall demonstrate the ability to read, write and understand?
@@English
Vietnamese
France

How can the applicant for an ARS licence demonstrate the ability to read, write and understand English?
@@By reading and explaining appropriate maintenance publications and by writing defect and repair statements;
By translate aircraft maintenance manual and maintenance data from English to Vietnamese
By writing aircraft maintenance manual and maitenance data in English

Testing for AMT licensed staff with rating B1,B2 and C must be performed by:
@@An approved training organization in accordance with Part 9 or approved by training organizations conducted
An approved training organization in accordance with Part 7 or approved by CAAV
An approved training organization in accordance with Part 5 or approved by CAAV

How many ratings the CAAV may issued for aviation repair specialists ?
@@6
5
4

The oral and practical test for the issuance of ARS licence must be held by:
@@The CAAV or CAAV approved training organizations
AMO and approved training organizations
AMO with CAAV supervised

Which of the information below not include in content of PEL licence ?
@@Working experiement
Date of birth
Name of State

What is experience requirements for a level C licensed engineer ?
@@3 - year experience as a B1.1, B1.3, B2 engineer.
8 - year experience as a B1.1, B1.3, B2 engineer.
5 - year experience as a B1.1, B1.3, B2 engineer.

What is experience requirements for the B2 rating or sub rating B1.1 or B1.3 licensed engineer ?
@@3 years of practical maintenance experience on the type of aircraft involved and completed the training appropriate to the CAAV and is consistent with skilled technical staff in other technical fields.
1 years of practical maintenance experience on the type of aircraft involved and completed training at an approved training organization in accordance with Part 9.
2 years of practical maintenance experience on the type of aircraft involved and completed training in accordance with skilled technical staff in other technical fields.

What is experience requirements for rating A or sub rating B1.2 and B1.4 licensed engineer ?
@@3 years of practical maintenance experience on related aircraft type if the applicant is not technically trained on related aircraft.
5 years of practical maintenance experience on related aircraft type if the applicant is not technically trained on related aircraft.
2 years of practical maintenance experience on the type of aircraft involved and completed training at the approved training center in accordance to Part 9.

The requirement of practical test for rating C grant is:
@@Including representative maintenance work groups related to the requested rating.
Any maintenance work as long as ensure the specified number of work groups.
No need to complete the practical test for rating C grant.

Which kind of AMT licences requires knowledge on Propeller subject?
@@A or B1 aircraft
A or B1 helicopter.
B2.

In order to obtain a type rated on initial aircraft, an engineer
@@Work on the type of aircraft involved for 12 months.
Complete a manufacturers/customers course.
Having at least 2 years experience working on aircraft field

In order to obtain the next supplement rating, an engineer must
@@Work on the type of aircraft involved not less than 03 months.
Complete a manufacturers/customers course.
Having at least 2 years experience working on aircraft field

Which article of Law on Civil Aviation of Vietnam regulations 2006  protect the public interest flight safety operations within the Country ?
@@Article 8
Article 4
Article 5

Which article of Law on Civil Aviation of Vietnam regulations 2006 determine the competition level between operators, implementation the role of controlling commercial aviation operators ?
@@Article 5, 12, 112
Article 4, 12, 112
Article 8, 12, 112

Which article of Law on Civil Aviation of Vietnam regulations 2006 define requirements of organization and service that owned by State or administrated by State ?
@@Article 65
Article 74
Article 75

Who is the AD issuer with the aircraft registered Vietnam?
@@CAAV
Maintenance organization
Aircraft owner

Who is responsible to suspension of flight operations at airport in case natural disasters or an airport emergency ?
@@CAAV
Maintenance organization
Aircraft owner

Who is responsible to supervise of civil aviation activities?
@@Individual/ Organization assigned by CAAV
Aircraft operator
Maintenance Organization

Which Article describe aviation specialized inspection?
@@Article 13
Article 12
Article 11

Which Article describe Organization, operation and direction of aviation safety and security supervision and management system?
@@Article 7
Article 6
Article 8

Which Article describe regarding aviation incidents and accidents?
@@Article 9
Article 8
Article 10

Which Article describe Execution of special flights ?
@@Article 10
Article 9
Article 11

Which Article describing Publishing, issuing, receiving and processing information and notices related to civil aviation activities?
@@Article 12
Article 11
Article 13

Who is responsible for supervising and directing the activities of the aviation security control force?
@@CAAV
AMO
Airlines

What is a principle of Article 5:" Principles gorverning civil aviation activitie" of Law on Cilvil Aviation of Viet Nam 2006 ?
@@To ensure a healthy and fair competition among organizations, individuals of all economic components engaged in civil aviation activities.
To promulgate legal instruments, standards and procedures on civil aviation.
To develop and give instructions on the implementation of strategy, plans and policies on the civil aviation development.

What is a title of Airticle 8 of Law on Civil Aviation of Viet Nam 2006 ?
@@State administration of civil aviation
Principles governing civil aviation activitie
Prohibited acts in civil aviation activities

Which of the following below is NOT include in Article 5:"Supervision of civil aviation activities" ?
@@Supervising and directing the observance of the specific labor regime and labor discipline for aviation employees.
Maintain adequate capacity and conditions for safe operation of aircraft;
Maintain adequate capacity and conditions for aircraft maintenance and repair.

An enterprise shall be granted the permit by the:
@@Ministry of Transport
CAAV
Local Airport

Which of the following is NOT duties and powers of CAAV ?
@@Providing enterprises aviation services at airports and aerodomes
Supervision of aircraft operation and maintenance,
Issuance, approval and recognition of licenses, certificates, ratings and documents specialized in civil aviation operations

What is :"Air traffic rights" ?
@@The rights to conduct commercial air transportation with terms and conditions as to air carriers, routes, aircraft and flights, and who and what may be transported
An enterprise which provides aviation services at airports and aerodromes
Directives and commands to ensure compliance with regulations on aviation safety and security

What is the type certificate?
@@A type certificate is a document issued by a Contracting State to define the design of an aircraft, engine or propeller type and to certify that this design meets the appropriate airworthiness requirements of that State.
A type certificate is a technical standards adopted by the Agency indicating means to show compliance with Regulation (EC) No 216/2008 and its Implementing Rules and which can be used by an organisation for the purpose of certification
A type certificate is a design organization certificate to be issued according to the regulation in Chapter J of Part 21 in order to demonstrate its capability.

What is the certificate specification?
@@The certificate specification is technical standards adopted by the Agency indicating means to show compliance with Regulation (EC) No 216/2008 and its Implementing Rules and which can be used by an organisation for the purpose of certification
The certificate specification is a document issued by a Contracting State to define the design of an aircraft, engine or propeller type and to certify that this design meets the appropriate airworthiness requirements of that State.
The certificate specification is a design organization certificate to be issued according to the regulation in Chapter J of Part 21 in order to demonstrate its capability.

What is CS applicable to Large Aeroplanes (EASA)?
@@CS 25
CS 23
CS 27

What is CS applicable to Large Rotorcraft (EASA)?
@@CS 29
CS 27
CS 25

What is CS applicable to Small Rotorcraft (EASA)?
@@CS 27
CS 25
CS 29

What is minor change ?
@@One that has no appreciable effect on the weight, balance, structural strength, reliability, operational characteristics, noise, fuel discharge and exhaust affecting the airworthiness of the product;
One that has effect on the weight, balance, structural strength, reliability, operational characteristics, noise, fuel discharge and exhaust affecting the airworthiness of the product;
Maintenance tasks and intervals that have been specified as mandatory in approval of the type design

How long does the application of change approval in the type design send to CAAV before operation day ?
@@06 months
03 months
01 months

Which is responsible for approving minor changes in type design?
@@Approved by CAAV or DOA or accepted by CAAV
Approved by DOA and aircraft owner
Approved by CAAV and DOA

What does the application of supplemental type certificate consist of ?
@@Description of changes and define the re-inspection iaw Subpart 21.083
Result of re-inspection iaw Subpart 21.083
Description of changes to CAAV for approval

When does the CAAV make officially inform the inspection schedule approval for Design organization in case the application is accepted?
@@07 working days from application is accepted
20 working days from application is accepted
3 working days from application is accepted

When will the CAAV issue Design organization certificate?
@@Within 20 working days when the inspection results meet the requirements
Within  07 working days when the inspection results meet the requirements
Within 3 working days when the inspection results meet the requirements

Which subpart is used for manufacturer’s privileges?
@@Subpart 21.170
Subpart 21.160
Subpart 21.150

What is the period of validity for a temporary Certificate of Registration of aircraft nationality ?
@@Not more than 12 months
Not more than 18 months
Not more than 24 months

What Certificate of Airworthiness shall be issued by CAAV?
@@Special Airworthiness Certificate; Export Certificate of Airworthiness
Standard Airworthiness Certificates; Export Certificate of Airworthiness
Standard Airworthiness Certificates; Certificates of Crewmembers

Certificate of Registration will be issued by CAAV for ?
@@The owner of an aircraft registered has Vietnamese nationality who shall be carried aboard for all operations
Only applicable to foreign aircraft will fly to Vietnam.
Any aircrafts fly to Vietnam

What types of reports will be collected and disseminated at organization to prevent accidents/incidents?
@@Mandatory occurrence report
Delay report
AOG report

What is EDTO?
@@Extended diversion time operations.
Extended down time operation.
Extended twin engine operation.

How to operate EDTO with aircraft registered Vietnam?
@@Aircraft must be approved EDTO operations
CAAV will accept all aircraft registered Vietnam for EDTO operations without approval.
Aircraft owner notifies to CAAV before each flight.

What is RVSM?
@@Reduced Vertical Separation Minima
Redundance Vertical Separation Minima
Reduced Vertical Separation Maxima

What is the definition off Certificate Specification (CS) ?
@@Technical standards adopted by the Agency indicating means to show compliance with Regulation (EC) No 216/2008 and its Implementing Rules and which can be used by an organisation for the purpose of certification
Prescribes airworthiness standards for the issuance of type certificates, and changes to those certificates, for aeroplanes in the normal category.
A document issued by a Contracting State to define the design of an aircraft, engine or propeller type and to certify that this design meets the appropriate airworthiness requirements of that State

What is Type Certificate ?
@@A document issued by a Contracting State to define the design of an aircraft, engine or propeller type and to certify that this design meets the appropriate airworthiness requirements of that State
Technical standards adopted by the Agency indicating means to show compliance with Regulation (EC) No 216/2008 and its Implementing Rules and which can be used by an organisation for the purpose of certification
Prescribes airworthiness standards for the issuance of type certificates, and changes to those certificates, for aeroplanes in the normal category.

Who issued type certificate for aircraft ?
@@CAAV
Operators
AMO

Which certificate is for aircraft registered in Vietnam that are being exported to the registry of another Contracting State ?
@@Export Certificate of Airworthiness
Registration Certificate
Standard Airworthiness Certificates

What is the definition of Continuing Airworthiness ?
@@The process of ensuring that at any point in its service life, an aircraft is in compliance with airworthiness requirements and is in the air. safe operating statu
A document issued by a Contracting State to define the design of an aircraft, engine or propeller type and to certify that this design meets the appropriate airworthiness requirements of that State
Prescribes airworthiness standards for the issuance of type certificates, and changes to those certificates, for aeroplanes in the normal category.
