Major advantage of propeller-driven aircraft over pure jets airvraft is?
@@lower cost and shortened take-off and landing distances
higher cost and shortened take-off and landing distances
lower cost and long take-off and landing distances

The propeller is 'ground idle' when the blades are at
@@0 degree
20 to 35 degree
10 to 12 degree

The propeller is 'locked' when the blades are at
@@1 to 2 degree
0 degree
-2 to -8 degree

The propeller is 'powered' when the blades are at
@@20 to 35 degree
85 to 90 degree
0 degree

Newton’s Third Law of Motion that states:
@@for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction
for every action there is double  and opposite reaction
for every action there is an equal and same reaction

The blade angle for each segment of a fixed pitch propeller is
@@the angle formed by the chord line of the blade segment and its plane of rotation
the angle formed by the blade face of the blade segment and its plane of rotation
the angle formed by the blade back of the blade segment and its plane of rotation

What force on a propeller blade turns the blades to low pitch position?
@@CTM
ATM
Torque

On a right-hand rotating propeller, torque works to:
@@drop the left wing
raise the left wing
raise the right wing

The work done by thrust is:
@@equal to the thrust times the distance it moves the airplane
equal to the thrust times the velocity it moves the airplane
equal to the thrust times the mass of air when it moves the airplane

The power expended by thrust is:
@@equal to the thrust times the velocity at which it moves the airplane
equal to the thrust times  the distance at which it moves the airplane
equal to the thrust times the mass of air when it moves the airplane

Relative airflow is the airflow due to the
@@Combination of propeller rotation and aircraft forward speed
Combination of propeller rotation and the blade segment
Combination of the blade speed and aircraft forward speed

What is gyroscopic precession?
@@That is the response of a gyroscope to generate an action 90° from the point of input in the direction of rotation
That is the response of a gyroscope to generate an action 90° from the point of output in the direction of rotation
That is the response of a gyroscope to generate an action 180° from the point of input in the direction of rotation

Which is TRUE for the angle of attack of a fixed-pitch propeller blade?
@@The faster the airspeed of the airplane, the less the angle of attack
The faster the airspeed of the airplane, the higher the angle of attack
The lower the airspeed of the airplane, the less the angle of attack

With a twisting propeller blade:
@@The angle of the blade near the hub is higher than the angle at the tip
The angle of the blade near the hub is lessr than the angle at the tip
The angle of the blade near the hub is same as the angle at the tip

Propeller-driven aircraft are limited by?
@@Revolutions per minute (rpm)
Torque
Hourse power

What forces act on a propeller blade?
@@Bending, CTM and ATM
Thrust and torque
Bending, thrust, torque

What is centrifugal force?
@@It is a physical action that tends to pull the rotating propeller blades out of the hub
It is a physical action that tends to pull the rotating propeller blades  in the direction opposite than of rotation
It is a physical action that tends to bend the propeller blades in the direction opposite than of rotation

The purpose of propeller twist is
@@to maintain Angle of Attack at the same value along the blade
to maintain Blade Angle along the blade
coarsen the blade angle at the root

At a relatively slow speed, in comparison to a jet engine, a propeller moves: a large mass of air
@@a large mass of air
a lsame mass of air
a small mass of air

What force on a propeller blade turns the blades to high pitch position?
@@ATM
CTM
Torque

P-Factor is generated during?
@@climbs
cruise
descend

Pilots compensate for P-Factor by applying
@@the necessary rudder input
the necessary aileron input
the necessary elevatorr input

For righthand rotating propellers, the aircraft develops:
@@a yawing moment to the left
a rolling moment to the left
a rolling moment to the right

When in the windmill position ATM
@@assists CTM
opposes CTM
is not related to CTM

Propeller blade stations are measured from
@@The centre of the hub
The master station
The root

Steel propeller blades are used normally on
@@Large engines
Lightweight engines
Small engines

A reverse pitch propeller is
@@Where the blade pitch has been reduced to a negative pitch to reduce the aircraft's speed
Where the blade pitch has been decreased - to increase the forward thrust
Where the blade pitch has been increased - to increase the forward thrust

A typical propeller blade will have:
@@A high blade angle near the hub and a shallow blade angle at the tip
A low blade angle near the hub and a shallow blade angle at the root
A high blade angle near the hub and a shallow blade angle at the root

Climb propellers generally have
@@A lower pitch or shorter diameter
A higher pitch or shorter diameter
A lower pitch or longer diameter

The fixed-pitch propeller is used on airplanes of
@@Low power, speed, range, or altitude
Low power, speed, rangeand high altitude
High power, speed, range, or altitude

In the U.S., the minimum clearance between the tip of the propeller and ground is
@@Seven inches (18 cm) for nose wheel aircraft and nine inches (23 cm) for tail wheel aircraft
Nine inches (23 cm) for nose wheel aircraft and seven inches (18 cm) for tail wheel aircraft
Six inches (15 cm) for nose wheel aircraft and nine inches (23 cm) for tail wheel aircraft

Tractor propellers are those mounted on
@@The upstream end of a propeller shaft in front of the supporting structure
The downstream end of a propeller shaft behind the supporting structure
The downstream end of a propeller shaft in front of the supporting structure

Pusher propellers are those mounted on
@@The downstream end of a propeller shaft behind the supporting structure
The upstream end of a propeller shaft in front of the supporting structure
The upstream end of a propeller shaft behind the supporting structure

Metal at the tip and along the leading edge of a wooden propeller is
@@For protection
For balancing
For Anti-icing

The thrust of a propeller is normally taken by the
@@Propeller hub
Torque meter
Propeller rear cone

Cruise propellers are built with
@@Higher pitch angles and longer diameters
A higher pitch or shorter diameter
A lower pitch or shorter diameter

Why is it important to keep the metal drain holes on a wooden propeller tip open during operation?
@@To allow moisture to escape
To reduce air drag
To cool the metal tipping

Why do metal fixed-pitch propellers cool the engine more efficiently?
@@Because effective pitch is closer to the hub
Because aluminium absorbs engine heat faster
Because thinner blades reduce back pressure

How does the blade back contribute to thrust generation?
@@It creates low pressure, pulling the blade forward like the suction on a wing
It directs airflow to the engine intake to increase combustion pressure
It compresses incoming air to reduce drag and maintain blade angle

The speeder spring propeller governing range is limited to?
@@About 200 rpm
About 2000 rpm
About 20000 rpm

Time for feathering with feathering propeller system is?
@@Between 03 and 10 seconds
Between 10 and 15 seconds
Between 15 and 30 seconds

Propeller blade counterweights always move the blades to?
@@High pitch
Low pitch
Feather

How about blades pitch and engine rpm during over speed conditions?
@@Propeller blade pitch is increase and reduces engine rpm
Propeller blade pitch is decrease and reduces engine rpm
Propeller blade pitch is increase and increases engine rpm

Blade cuffs are fitted to the root of the blades
@@To increase flow of cooling air into the engine nacelle
to increase the strength of the blade
to increase thrust

Low torque sensing is used to
@@Initiate auto-feather
increase power
increase pitch

A hydraulic pitch lock is utilised in a hydromatic propeller to
@@Lock out the fine pitch oil line in the event of overspeeding
lock out the course pitch oil line in the event of underspeeding
prevent the propeller overspeeding in the event of oil supply failure

When in the beta range, the propeller pitch is controlled
@@Directly from the power lever
indirectly from the power lever
directly from the pitch change mechanism to the PCU

In a propeller with counterweights, what is used to make it move to fine pitch?
@@Governor oil pressure
Centrifugal force acting on the counterweight
ATM

What pitch setting is the automatic propellers provided for take-off?
@@A lower pitch setting
A higher pitch setting
No change pitch setting

Can early controllable pitch propellers provide constant-speed operations?
@@No, they can not provide constant-speed operations
Yes, thay can provide constant-speed operations
Yes, in some phase of flight

Which propellers are made available the option for pilots to select a variety of fixed-pitch positions in addition to constant speed operations?
@@Electrically controlled propellers
Fixed-pitch propellers
A constant speed propeller

One of extreme positions for the propeller control is?
@@Increase rpm or low pitch (full forward)
Decrease rpm or low pitch (full forward)
Increase rpm or low pitch (full aft)

Two main engine instruments used for setting power with the constant-speed propeller is?
@@Tachometer and the manifold pressure gauge
Governor and the manifold pressure gauge
Tachometer and the throttle

For any single revolution of the propeller, the amount of air displaced (directionally moved) depends on?
@@The blade angle
Revolutions per minute
Torque

For the same throttle setting, a reduction of engine rpm will?
@@Increase the MAP
Decrease the MAP
Keep the MAP constant

When increasing propeller blade angle, it will?
@@Increases the angle of attack (AOA) and produces more thrust and drag
Decreases the angle of attack (AOA) and produces more lift and drag
Increases the angle of attack (AOA) and produces less lift and drag

Which propellers are designed for best efficiency at one rotation and forward speed?
@@Fixed-pitch and ground-adjustable propellers
Controlable-pitch and ground-adjustable propellers
Constant speed and ground-adjustable propellers

Propeller governor is an engine rpm sensing device with?
@@A high-pressure oil pump
A high-pressure fuel pump
A high-pressurehydraulicl pump

Pneumatic pressure against the propeller piston pushes the blades to?
@@High pitch
Low pitch
Zero position

Springs is push the blades in the direction of?
@@High pitch and Feather
Low pitch and Feather
Low pitch and high pitch

To balances against the propeller blade counterweights, propeller governor oil on the propeller piston side of the governor moves the blades to?
@@Low pitch
High pitch
Feather

In under-speed condition, the governor flyweights turn?
@@Slower than the tension on the speeder spring and move inward
Faster than the tension on the speeder spring and move inward
Faster than the tension on the speeder spring and move outward

When the engine is running at low rpm, the governor attempts propeller to?
@@Low pitch
High pitch
Feather

In an on-speed condition, the centrifugal force acting on the governor’s flyweights is?
@@Balanced by the tension exerted by the speeder spring
Higher by the tension exerted by the speeder spring
Lower by the tension exerted by the speeder spring

In the constant-speed mode, the tension of the speeder spring sets the engine to?
@@Maximum rpm
Minimum rpm
Constant speed

In an under-speed condition, the arms of the flyweights tilt?
@@Inward
Outward
Downward

In an over speed condition, the centrifugal force acting on the flyweights is?
@@Greater than the speeder spring force
Less than the speeder spring force
Same as the speeder spring force

In an over speed condition, the pilot valve meters oil flow to?
@@Increase propeller pitch and lower engine rpm
Decrease propeller pitch and lower engine rpm
Increase propeller pitch and higher engine rpm

What is mentioned about counterweights are used  in the hydromatic propeller?
@@No counterweights are used on the propeller blades
Symetric counterweights are used on the propeller blades
One or more counterweights are used on the propeller blades

Feathering and unfeathering the Hamilton Standard propeller are achieved through?
@@An auxiliary oil pump
A boost pump
An auxiliary hydraulic pump

What will occcur if the engines/ propellers are not perfectly synchronized in term of rpm?
@@Vibration and noise will occur
Vibration and reducing thrust will occur
Vibration and increasing drag will occur

How does the pilot manually synchronize the propeller when the aircraft is not equipped with synchronization devices?
@@By positioning the propeller control levers
By positioning the propeller control push button
By positioning the propeller control switch

Which is the principle of Type II synchronizing systems?
@@The system will compare the rpm (round per minute) of the engines and raise the speed of the engines running at a lower rpm
The system will compare the rpm (round per minute) of the engines and reduce the speed of the engines running at a higher rpm
The system will compare the rpms (round per minute) of the engines and raise the speed of the engines running at a lower rpm

What does FADEC stand for?
@@Full Authority Digital Engine Control
Full Acess Digital Engine Control
Fuel Authority Digital Engine Control

When will the FADEC system provide synchronization and synchrophasing automatically for propeller aircrafts?
@@The engines are operating in a constant speed mode
The engines are operating in a take off mode
The engines are operating in climb mode

What does the basic system use to determine and monitor the position of a target blade for each propeller?
@@Sensors
Phonic wheels
Angle meters

How will the propeller aircraft synchronize and synchrophase the propellers?
@@Manually or automatically
Manually via control knob
Automatically by computer

What is the main principle of Propeller Synchrophasing?
@@Control the phase relationship between the propeller blades of the engines
Keep propellers running at the same RPM
Keep propeller engine at the same power

Manually synchronizing the engines during flight normally used for:
@@Light twin-engine aircraft
Light single-engine aircraft
Heavy twin-engine aircraft

Which components in cockpit are used for controlling the synchronizer/ synchro phaser?
@@Rotary ON/OFF switch and control knob
ON/OFF push button and control knob
Rotary ON/OFF switch and control push button

What is the function of Synchronizer coils inside propeller control unit (PCU) for SAAB Synchronizer/Synchro phaser system?
@@Producing magnetic fields that act on the flyweight assemblies to control RPM (round per minute)
Producing mechanical force that act on the flyweight assemblies to control RPM (round per minute)
Producing hydraulic force that act on the flyweight assemblies to control RPM (round per minute)

What are the main components of ANVS (Active Noise and Vibration Suppression) used to reduce noise level?
@@A series of microphones affixed to the exterior of the aircraft and a group of transmitters strategically placed around the fuselage
A series of microphones affixed to the interior of the aircraft and a group of transmitters strategically placed around the fuselage
A series of microphones affixed to the exterior of the aircraft and a group of transmitters strategically placed around the engines

What will occcur if the engines/ propellers are not perfectly synchronized in term of rpm?
@@Vibration and noise will occur
Vibration and reducing thrust will occur
Vibration and increasing drag will occur

How does the pilot manually synchronize the propeller when the aircraft is not equipped with synchronization devices?
@@By positioning the propeller control levers
By positioning the propeller control push button
By positioning the propeller control switch

Which is the principle of Type II synchronizing systems?
@@The system will compare the rpm (round per minute) of the engines and raise the speed of the engines running at a lower rpm
The system will compare the rpm (round per minute) of the engines and reduce the speed of the engines running at a higher rpm
The system will compare the rpms (round per minute) of the engines and raise the speed of the engines running at a lower rpm

What does FADEC stand for?
@@Full Authority Digital Engine Control
Full Acess Digital Engine Control
Fuel Authority Digital Engine Control

When will the FADEC system provide synchronization and synchrophasing automatically for propeller aircrafts?
@@The engines are operating in a constant speed mode
The engines are operating in a take off mode
The engines are operating in climb mode

What does the basic system use to determine and monitor the position of a target blade for each propeller?
@@Sensors
Phonic wheels
Angle meters

How will the propeller aircraft synchronize and synchrophase the propellers?
@@Manually or automatically
Manually via control knob
Automatically by computer

What is the main principle of Propeller Synchrophasing?
@@Control the phase relationship between the propeller blades of the engines
Keep propellers running at the same RPM
Keep propeller engine at the same power

Manually synchronizing the engines during flight normally used for:
@@Light twin-engine aircraft
Light single-engine aircraft
Heavy twin-engine aircraft

Which components in cockpit are used for controlling the synchronizer/ synchro phaser?
@@Rotary ON/OFF switch and control knob
ON/OFF push button and control knob
Rotary ON/OFF switch and control push button

What is the function of Synchronizer coils inside propeller control unit (PCU) for SAAB Synchronizer/Synchro phaser system?
@@Producing magnetic fields that act on the flyweight assemblies to control RPM (round per minute)
Producing mechanical force that act on the flyweight assemblies to control RPM (round per minute)
Producing hydraulic force that act on the flyweight assemblies to control RPM (round per minute)

What are the main components of ANVS (Active Noise and Vibration Suppression) used to reduce noise level?
@@A series of microphones affixed to the exterior of the aircraft and a group of transmitters strategically placed around the fuselage
A series of microphones affixed to the interior of the aircraft and a group of transmitters strategically placed around the fuselage
A series of microphones affixed to the exterior of the aircraft and a group of transmitters strategically placed around the engines

What are basic factors of propeller ice protection system?
@@Anti-icing system and de-icing system
Anti-icing system and ice detecting system
Anti-icing system and ice removing system

When are propeller anti-icing systems activated?
@@Before the formation of ice on the propeller
During the formation of ice on the propeller
After the formation of ice on the propeller

An electric propeller icing control system consists of:
@@An electrical energy source, a resistance heating element, system controls, and necessary wiring
An electrical energy source, a resistance heating element, system controls, and necessary wiring
An electrical energy source, a resistance heating element, system controls, and necessary wiring

Where are the heating elements mounted?
@@Internally or externally on the propeller spinner and blades
Internally or externally on the propeller root blades
Internally or externally on the propeller tip blades

How is propeller icing control accomplished?
@@By converting electrical energy to heat energy in the heating element
By converting electrical energy to heat energy in brush block
By converting electrical energy to heat energy in slip ring assembly

What is the brush block function?
@@It is used to transfer electricity to the slip ring
It is used to transfer electricity to the ammeter
It is used to transfer electricity to sequencing timer

Why is the propeller de-icing system used only when the propellers are rotating and for short test periods of time during the take-off check list or system inspection?
@@To prevent element overheating
To save electrical energy
To prevent hardware overload

Sequencing timers are used to energize the heating element circuits for periods of:
@@15 to 30 seconds
30-60 seconds
90-120 seconds

How is ice protection resevoir be refilled?
@@Checking the quantity indication by filling the tank to the 1/2 level and reading the gauge and rechecking the gauge when the tank is full
Checking the quantity indication by filling the tank to the 3/4 level and reading the gauge and rechecking the gauge when the tank is full
Checking the quantity indication by filling the tank to the 1/4 level and reading the gauge and rechecking the gauge when the tank is full

How do we do to verify fluid consumption?
@@Performing the flow test
Performing the duration test
Performing the pressure test

The typical electrical de-icing system includes:
@@An ON/OFF switch, an ammeter, a sequencing timer or cycling unit, a brush block and slip ring assembly, overshoes with heating elements, and the necessary wiring and hardware
An ON/OFF switch, an ammeter, a sequencing timer or cycling unit, a brush block and slip ring assembly and the necessary wiring and hardware
An ON/OFF switch, an ammeter, a sequencing timer or cycling unit, slip ring assembly, overshoes with heating elements, and the necessary wiring and hardware

How should the overshoes damages be repaired?
@@According to the manufacturer’s information
According to the operator’s information
No repair permitted for overshoes damages

Which type of check should be used after replacement of one or more de-icing boots?
@@A check of the dynamic balance of the propeller
A check of the static balance of the propeller
A check of the propeller track

Which are two common inspection methods used on propellers?
@@Visual inspection and tactile inspection
Visual inspection and audible  inspection
Visual inspection and Etching inspection

A deep nick across the leading edge of a propeller blade may evolve into:
@@A crack and blade failure
A deeper nick and blade need blended
A small crack and blade need blended

What may adversely affect a propeller when it is exposed to high levels of heat, such as a fire?
@@The integrity of the propeller
Changing the color of propeller
Corrosion on surface of propeller

Which are common defects for wood propeller inspection?
@@Cracks, dents, warpage, glue failure, delamination, defects in the finish, and charring of the wood between the propeller and the flange due to loose propeller mounting bolts
Cracks, corrosion, dents, warpage, glue failure, delamination, defects in the finish, and charring of the wood between the propeller and the flange due to loose propeller mounting bolts
Cracks, lighting strike, dents, warpage, glue failure, delamination, defects in the finish, and charring of the wood between the propeller and the flange due to loose propeller mounting bolts

Dye penetrant inspections is used for:
@@Effective on flaws that extend to the surface
Effective on flaws at subsurface
Effective on flaws at subsurface and on the surface

What does magnetic particles process require?
@@A special light during the inspection
A special chemical during the inspection
A special liquid during the inspection

What is the diffirent between the non fluorescent and the fluorescent penetrant?
@@The non fluorescent penetrant works with ordinary lighting while the fluorescent penetrant requires a black light to perform a thorough investigation
The non fluorescent penetrant works with ordinary lighting while the fluorescent penetrant requires a ultra violet light to perform a thorough investigation
The non fluorescent penetrant works with ultra violet lighting while the fluorescent penetrant requires a black light to perform a thorough investigation

Composite blades need to be visually inspected for:
@@Nicks, gouges, loose material, erosion, cracks and debonded areas, and lightning strikes
Nicks, gouges, loose material, corrosion, cracks and debonded areas, and lightning strikes
Nicks, gouges, loose material, scrath, cracks and debonded areas, and lightning strikes

Which statement is correct about composite propeller inspection?
@@If an audible change is apparent, sounding hollow or dead, a debond or delamination is likely
If an audible change is apparent, sounding hollow or dead, a crack is likely
If an audible change is apparent, sounding hollow or dead, a loose material is likely

How are composite blades inspected for delaminations and debonds?
@@Using metal coin
Using plastic hammer
Using rubber tool

Which requirement for blade track during checking?
@@Each blade track should be within 1/16 inch (plus or minus) from the opposite blade’s track
Each blade track should be within 5/16 inch (plus or minus) from the opposite blade’s track
Each blade track should be within 9/16 inch (plus or minus) from the opposite blade’s track

How to check blade angle if the propeller is installed on the aircraft or is placed on the knife edge balancing stand?
@@Using a handheld protractor
Using a blade tracking tool
Using a handheld square ruler

When can the universal propeller protractor be used to check propeller blade angles?
@@The propeller is on a balancing stand or installed on the aircraft engine
The propeller is on a balancing stand or installed in storage box
The propeller is on a balancing stand or installed on bech test stand

Which are the main reasons of propeller vibration?
@@Balance, angle, or track problems
Balance, angle, or lubrication problems
Balance, angle, or turbulence problems

Which are types of propeller unbalance?
@@Static or dynamic unbalance
Root and tip unbalance
Angle and track unbalance

When is propeller static unbalance occur?
@@The center of gravity (CG) of the propeller is not aligned with the axis of rotation
The center of gravity (CG) of the propeller is not in the same plane of rotation
The center of gravity (CG) of the propeller is not with the same angle of rotation

When is propeller dynamic ubalance occur?
@@The CG of similar propeller elements, such as blades or counterweights, does not follow in the same plane of rotation
The CG of similar propeller elements, such as blades or counterweights, does not follow in the same axis of rotation
The CG of similar propeller elements, such as blades or counterweights, does not follow in the same angle of rotation

Where do we install two accelerometers or velocimeters on the engine for balancing procedure?
@@One near the propeller and another on or near the accessory case
One near the propeller and another on or near the propeller hub
One near the propeller and another on or near the propeller spinner

What does the dynamic balancer analyzer calculate and suggest to reduce vibration?
@@The balancing weight and location of weight installation
The number of balancing weights
The location distribution of balancing weight installation

Where is correct position to pump grease when lubricating propeller blade and hub?
@@The fitting located nearest the leading edge of the blade on a tractor installation, or nearest the trailing edge on a pusher installation
The fitting located nearest the trailing edge on a pusher installation, or root of blade
The fitting located nearest the leading edge of the blade on a tractor installation, or root of the blade

For charging the propeller air dome, correct charge pressure depends on
@@Temperature
Humidity
Propeller material

Tachometers should be accurate:
@@Within ± 10 rpm (round per minute)
Within ± 50 rpm (round per minute)
Within ± 100 rpm (round per minute)

How is the area of dressing from the leading and trailing edges of the propeller for repairing nicks and gouges?
@@It is 10 times the depth
It is 20 times the depth
It is 30 times the depth

How are the nonferrous hubs and components stripped of protective finishes and inspected for cracks?
@@Using a liquid penetrant inspection (LPI) procedure
Using a magnetic particle inspection (MPI) procedure
Using a Eddy current testing procedure

What should we do after final assembly of blades and hubs?
@@The high and low pitch blade angles on constant-speed propellers are checked for proper operation and leaks
The high pitch blade angles on constant-speed propellers are checked for proper operation and leaks
The low pitch blade angles on constant-speed propellers are checked for leaks by cycling the propeller

What should we check if a propeller is hunting?
@@1. Governor,\n2. Fuel control, and\n3. Synchrophaser or synchronizer, if equipped.
1. Governor,\n 2. Lubrication system, and\n3. Synchrophaser or synchronizer, if equipped.
1. Governor,\n2. Tachometer, and\n3. Synchrophaser or synchronizer, if equipped.

An increase in engine speed while descending or increasing airspeed with a non-feathering propeller could be:
@@1. The governor not increasing oil volume in the propeller\n2. Engine transfer bearing leaking excessively\n3. Excessive friction in blade bearings or pitch changing mechanism
1. The governor not increasing oil volume in the propeller\n2. Fuel control unit fail\n3. Excessive friction in blade bearings or pitch changing mechanism
1. The governor not increasing oil volume in the propeller\n2. Excessive friction in Engine transfer bearing\n3. Excessive friction in blade bearings or pitch changing mechanism

How is the storage status of an aircraft listed in?
@@The storage status of an aircraft is listed in three categories: flyable, temporary, and indefinite
The storage status of an aircraft is listed in three categories: flyable, temporary, and permanent
The storage status of an aircraft is listed in three categories: flyable, permanent and indefinite

What is the purpose of the propeller period greasing?
@@Protecting the propeller from corrosion
Protecting the propeller from crack
Protecting the propeller from paint peeling

How is propeller temporary storage generally defined?
@@Temporary storage is generally defined as non-use of the aircraft for 90 days
Temporary storage is generally defined as non-use of the aircraft for 180 days
Temporary storage is generally defined as non-use of the aircraft for 30 days

How often is the propeller greasing required for temporary storage?
@@The propeller requires greasing every 6 months
The propeller requires greasing every 12 months
The propeller requires greasing every 1 months

Which factors does manufacturer recommend for propeller cleaning?
@@Cleaning fluids and methods
Cleaning fluids and tools
Cleaning environments and methods

Which are the techniques for protecting propeller components for long term storage and preservation?
@@Apply or reapply a plating process, protective chemical, physical covering
Apply or reapply a plating process, protective grease, physical covering
Apply or reapply a plating process, protective gas, physical covering

For long term storage and preservation, the hub should be:
@@Filled with preservative oil
Protected by thin layer grease
Covered by nylon layer

When may propeller governors and accumulators remain on the engine?
@@During indefinite storage
During flyable storage
During temporary storage

How should governors and accumulators be stored during preservation?
@@Inserting the governor and accumulator in separate vacuum storage bags, removing the air, and sealing the bags
Inserting the governor and accumulator in separate vacuum storage bags, adding fresh the air, and sealing the bags
Inserting the governor and accumulator in separate vacuum storage bags, removing the air, and adding nitrogen

Controllable-pitch propellers that are in storage for periods exceeding five years may require:
@@The replacement of rubber parts and an internal inspection for corrosion before returning the propeller to service
The replacement of metal parts and an internal inspection for corrosion before returning the propeller to service
The replacement of rubber parts and an external inspection for crack before returning the propeller to service

Why should the propellerbe cycled several times before returning to service?
@@To flush out air in the system and traces of preservation oil
To flush out air bubble in preservation oil
To flush out air in the system and traces of humidity in oil system

What should we do after the installation of the propeller?
@@The engine should be started and tested
The engine should be dry crank for leak check
The engine should be wet crank for lubricating
